How long did it take for the century to change from the 19th to the 20th and then from the 20th to the 21st?
How many female prisoners were transported on the convict ship Brooke in 1788?
How many different shades of paint are included in the deluxe art supply kit marketed towards professional artists?
How many seats are there in a typical Airbus A318-100 aircraft?
What is the name of the Crips subset that originated in the Rollin' 100s neighborhood of South Los Angeles?
How many weeks are in 2 years and 1 week?
How many pairs of socks would you have if you had 212 socks, assuming each pair consists of two socks?
How many operas did German composer Georg Friedrich Handel create during his lifetime?
How many heroes are said to have gathered at the Hongmen Banquet in the classic Chinese novel "Water Margin"?
What is the maximum temperature in Fahrenheit that can be reached by the hottest water that is still safe for washing dishes by hand?
What is the weight in pounds of an object that weighs 50 kilograms?
What is the crystallographic plane that has a Miller index of (111) and is commonly found in face-centered cubic crystal structures?
How many animals of each kind did Noah take onto the biblical vessel, according to Genesis 6:20 and 7:2-3, and what was the name of that vessel?
How many seismic events with a magnitude of 3.0 or greater occurred in Oklahoma in 2014, according to the United States Geological Survey?
How many proverbs are attributed to the ancient Greek storyteller Aesop in the Perry Index?
How long did Jeanne Calment live, according to Guinness World Records, which verified her longevity as the oldest confirmed human lifespan?
What is the total cost of buying 4 shirts at $29 each?
How many days are there in the period from April 1st to July 27th in a non-leap year?
How many crew members were on board the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed and sunk by a Japanese submarine on July 30, 1945?
How many years separate the birth of Florence Nightingale, the founder of modern nursing, from the year 2022?
How many administrative subdivisions does the state of Kentucky have?
How many structures with flames were reported in the small town of Ashwood during the great blaze of 1875?
How long did Jeanne Calment, the oldest verified human, live from her birth on February 21, 1875, to her death on August 4, 1997?
What is the number of the daily morning departure from New York to Los Angeles that is always fully booked during summer vacation?
What is the address of the childhood home of the famous American author, John Grisham, in Jonesboro, Arkansas?
How many athletes participate in the starting lineup of a standard American football game, assuming each team has 11 players on the field and there are two teams playing?
How many protons are present in the atomic nucleus of an atom of the radioactive metal Osmium-126?
How many nations have diplomatic relations with the Holy See, an independent city-state located within Rome, Italy, and home to the Pope and central government of the Catholic Church?
How many prisoners were freed by the Israeli commando raid at Entebbe Airport in Uganda on July 4, 1976?
How many female Nobel Prize winners were there as of 2022?
What is the top speed of a 2022 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray Coupe with the Z51 Performance Package?
How many sonnets and other verses are contained in the first edition of Shakespeare's collection published in 1609?
How many sections are there in the 2019 edition of the California Penal Code?
How many episodes of the popular TV show "South Park" had aired by the end of its 10th season?
How many vertical divisions are there in a standard Microsoft Excel 2007 spreadsheet?
How many companies were listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange's First Section as of January 2020?
How many measures of music are typically found in a standard hip-hop album that features 12 tracks with an average of 11.33 bars per verse?
How long did it take for the construction of the Cologne Cathedral in Germany to be completed after it began in 1248?
What is the only known isotope of barium with 82 neutrons in its atomic nucleus?
What was the flight number of the plane hijacked on June 27, 1976, at Entebbe Airport in Uganda, leading to a dramatic rescue operation by Israeli commandos?
What is the address of the headquarters of the financial services company AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company in New York City?
How many points of entry are there in the Paris Catacombs, a network of underground tunnels and chambers that stretch for over 150 miles?
How many works are attributed to the French writer and philosopher Voltaire according to the Bibliothèque nationale de France?
What is the sum of the interior angles of a triangle with angles of 40 degrees, 60 degrees, and x degrees, where x is the largest angle?
How many edges does a cube with 6 square faces, each with 4 right angles, have in total?
How many levees were damaged or destroyed during the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How many concise statements of general truth or principle did François de La Rochefoucauld include in his most famous work?
How many seats are there in the Boeing 737-700 aircraft?
What is the approximate distance from London to Bristol along the M4 motorway in the United Kingdom?
What is the maximum allowable concentration of fluoride in community water systems in the United States, as established by the Environmental Protection Agency?
How many individuals with exceptional memory or mathematical abilities were identified by Dr. Darold Treffert's research on exceptional human abilities?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How many aquatic creatures did the aquarium owner count in the large tank after adding 3 more schools of 51 fish each?
What is the approximate distance from the city of Oxford to the city of Newcastle upon Tyne in the United Kingdom?
How many sheets of paper are in a standard ream of printer paper, assuming a standard ream is 5% more than 12 packs of 12 sheets each?
How many individuals make up the United States House of Representatives, excluding the Speaker of the House?
How many sonnets and other verses did Shakespeare include in his first published collection of poetry, which was printed in 1609?
How many questions are there in the first 16 chapters of the book "The 10,000 Year Explosion" by Gregory Cochran and Henry Harpending?
What is the specific version of the Scrabble Official Players Dictionary that was published in 2016 and is still widely used today?
How many vendors were present at the annual Grand Bazaar in Istanbul during its peak in the 16th century?
What is the age of a person who was born in 1861 and is still alive today?
What is the approximate distance from London to Birmingham along the M40 and M6 motorways?
How many instances of the letter "e" are there in the first 1000 prime numbers when written out in English?
How many inmates were involved in the 1971 Attica Prison riot in New York?
What is the wavelength of the ultraviolet light emitted by a mercury-vapor lamp that is commonly used in spectroscopy and other scientific applications?
How many vessels did the French Navy have at its disposal during the American Revolutionary War?
How many individuals make up the current composition of the Swedish Parliament?
How many Spanish soldiers, led by Francisco Pizarro, arrived in Peru in 1531 to capture the Inca Empire?
How many times does the digit 7 appear in a sequence of numbers from 1 to 1000?
What is the top speed of a Bugatti Chiron Super Sport 300+, a limited-production hypercar that debuted in 2019?
How many performers were involved in the largest orchestra ever assembled, which was achieved by the Guinness World Records in 2018?
What is the mass of the Higgs boson, as measured by the ATLAS and CMS experiments at the Large Hadron Collider in 2012?
How many electoral divisions are there in the City of Tokyo, Japan?
What is the mass of the top quark, as measured by the Collider Detector at Fermilab (CDF) and DØ experiments in 2014?
In the standard ordering of the amino acids, what is the location of the arginine residue in the primary structure of the human alpha-globin protein?
How many people lost their lives in the Tenerife airport disaster, the deadliest accident in aviation history, which occurred on March 27, 1977?
What is the height of the Statue of Liberty from the base to the tip of the torch?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How old would a person be if they were born on January 1, 1844, and it is currently December 31, 2022?
What is the measure of a straight angle?
How many pawns, rooks, bishops, queens, and kings are there in a standard set of 18 chess sets, assuming each set has the traditional arrangement of pieces?
What was the flight number of the Boeing 747 that was blown up by a bomb over the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Ireland on June 23, 1985, resulting in the deaths of 329 people?
How many poems of 14 lines, typically written in iambic pentameter, did William Shakespeare write in his lifetime?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the SS Central America when it sank in a hurricane off the coast of South Carolina in 1857?
How many people were held captive by terrorists during the 1972 Munich Olympics?
How many defenders of the Alamo died during the 13-day siege in 1836?
What is the height of the Wellington Monument in Somerset, England?
In what year did the Romans conquer the Galatians and incorporate their territory into the province of Asia?
How many neutrons are present in the atomic nucleus of an atom of osmium-187?
How many edges does a dodecagon have, if each edge is shared by exactly two vertices?
How many soldiers were on board the British ship HMS Birkenhead when it sank off the coast of South Africa in 1852?
How many countries are currently recognized as sovereign states by the United Nations?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Septimius Severus defeat Pescennius Niger in the Battle of Issus?
How many countries are currently recognized by the United Nations as sovereign states?
How many aphorisms are contained in the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Septimius Severus defeat the Pescennius Niger in the Battle of Issus?
How many edges does a regular icosagon have?
What is the isotope of gold with a half-life of 2.97 days that is used in cancer treatment and medical research?
At what temperature, in Kelvin, does the vapor pressure of oxygen equal 100 mmHg?
How many references are cited in the Wikipedia article on the history of artificial intelligence?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How many households were relocated to make way for the construction of the new highway in rural Tennessee?
How many individual charges of fraud did the grand jury indict the former CEO on?
How many people have walked on the moon as part of NASA's Apollo program?
In what year did the Han dynasty come to power in China after the fall of the Qin dynasty?
How many individuals make up the European Parliament's Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development?
How many bibliographic records are contained in the latest edition of the annotated bibliography on 19th-century French literature?
What is the only known isotope of astatine that has a half-life of 5.41 hours?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically associated with the violet color of the visible spectrum?
How many days are there in 7 months, assuming a non-leap year with 31 days in January and 28 days in February?
At what temperature does water boil at standard atmospheric pressure?
How many bricks would you need to build a wall that is 3 layers high and 71 bricks long?
How many lines are there in the poem "The Raven" by Edgar Allan Poe?
What is the wavelength of ultraviolet light that is typically used in excimer lasers for eye surgery to correct nearsightedness?
What is the sum of the interior angles of a regular hexagon?
In what year did the Battle of Raphia take place, marking a significant conflict between the Ptolemaic Kingdom and the Seleucid Empire?
What section of the Social Security Act establishes the procedures for states to obtain approval for their unemployment insurance laws?
What is the approximate distance from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to Baltimore, Maryland along Interstate 68?
What is the typical wavelength of ultraviolet light that is commonly used in disinfection and sterilization applications?
How many members of King Arthur's Round Table were present at the Battle of Mount Badon according to some historical accounts?
What is the radioactive isotope of radon that has a half-life of 3.8 days and is used in cancer treatment?
How many months are in a period of 18 years and 7 months?
How many operas did Christoph Willibald Gluck compose during his lifetime?
How many foes did the brave warrior defeat in the epic battle of Redstone Ridge?
What is the approximate size of the grounds of the White House in Washington, D.C.?
How many days are there in a non-leap year from January 1st to August 14th?
What event occurred on February 28, 1947, in Taiwan, resulting in the deaths of thousands of civilians and marking a pivotal moment in the island's modern history?
What is the exoplanet orbiting a red dwarf star in the constellation Scorpius that was discovered in 1995 and is considered a "hot Jupiter"?
How many minutes are there in 3 hours and 50 minutes?
How many people from South Korea were on board the MV Doña Paz when it sank on December 20, 1987?
What is the specific radioactive isotope of thorium that has a half-life of approximately 14 billion years?
What is the approximate distance from the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to the city of Columbus, Ohio?
How many individuals collaborated on the development of the open-source software project in its first year?
What is the specific radioactive isotope of uranium that is commonly used as fuel in nuclear reactors?
What is the approximate distance from Washington D.C. to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania?
How many moves are required to solve the minimum possible number of moves for a Rubik's Cube?
How many seats are there in the United States House of Representatives?
What is the specific radioactive isotope of plutonium that is commonly used in nuclear reactors and has a half-life of approximately 24,100 years?
How many minutes are there in 4 days, assuming a non-leap year and a 24-hour clock?
How many illustrations did Gustave Doré create for his edition of Edgar Allan Poe's works?
How many times does the phrase "Never Gonna Give You Up" appear in Rick Astley's song "Never Gonna Give You Up"?
How many days are there in 8 months and 3 days?
How many artworks did Vincent van Gogh create during his decade-long career as a post-Impressionist artist?
How many minutes are there in 4 hours and 5 minutes?
How many different types of tea were reportedly offered by the British tea merchant Twinings in the 18th century?
How many research papers have investigated the effects of mindfulness meditation on anxiety reduction in adults, according to a comprehensive meta-analysis published in the Journal of Clinical Psychology?
How many items are in a standard set of Scrabble tiles, including all the letters, blanks, and scorekeeping tokens?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How many Claude Monet paintings are featured in the Musée Marmottan Monet's collection in Paris?
When did the most recent supercontinent, Pangaea, begin to form on Earth?
How many British soldiers were killed during the Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879?
How many conversations are recorded in the Platonic corpus, which is a collection of philosophical works attributed to the ancient Greek philosopher Plato?
How many people lived in the small village of Ravenshire according to the 2011 census?
In the Hindu scripture Bhagavad Gita, what is the number of the verse that states "When a man dwells on the objects of sense, attachment to them is produced"?
How many unique combinations of 8 binary digits can be represented in a single byte of computer memory?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How many individual action figures were produced in the original Star Wars action figure line by Kenner between 1978 and 1985?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically used in UV-C disinfection lamps to kill bacteria and other microorganisms?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How many days are there in a non-leap year from January 1st to September 27th?
What was the first operational jet-powered fighter aircraft used by the German Luftwaffe during World War II?
What is the address of the house in Amsterdam where Anne Frank and her family hid during the Nazi occupation?
How many years would have passed if someone born in 1758 celebrated their 264th birthday in 2022?
How long did the longest recorded reign of a monarch in European history last?
How many British soldiers were killed during the Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879?
How many days are there in a non-leap year from January 1st to September 23rd?
How many students from Harvard University signed a petition in 2019 calling for the university to divest from fossil fuels?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
What is the sum of the interior angles of a triangle and a straight line?
What is the location of the amino acid alanine in the protein sequence of human hemoglobin subunit beta?
How many people watched the video of the cat playing the piano on YouTube yesterday?
At what temperature, in degrees Kelvin, does water freeze at standard atmospheric pressure?
In what year did the construction of the Great Library of Alexandria, one of the largest and most significant libraries of the ancient world, begin?
How many lives were lost in the sinking of the USS Indianapolis during World War II?
How many students were abducted by Boko Haram militants from the Government Girls' Secondary School in Chibok, Nigeria in 2014?
How many days are there in a non-leap year from January 1st to October 3rd?
How many members of the 1st Battalion, 7th Cavalry Regiment were killed or wounded during the Battle of Little Bighorn?
What is the asteroid that is believed to be the source of the dark, carbonaceous chondrite meteorites that fall to Earth?
How many references are listed in the Wikipedia article on the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic in the United States?
In what year did the Gallic chieftain Brennus lead an army of Gauls in a raid on Delphi, a sacred site in ancient Greece?
How many articles are there in the English Wikipedia's featured articles section as of March 2022?
How many products are currently stocked in the warehouse according to the latest inventory report?
How many bones are present in the human body at birth, before some of them fuse together as we grow and develop?
What is the age of a person who was born in 1738 and is still alive today?
How many verses are there in the Quran's second chapter, known as Surat Al-Baqarah?
How many times does the digit 1 appear in the decimal representation of the sum of all positive integers from 1 to 100?
How many Olympic medals have been won by the United States in the Winter Olympics from 1924 to 2022?
How many days are there in a non-leap year from January 1st to October 28th?
What is the height of the plunge on the Kingda Ka roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey?
What was the name of the New York City art gallery founded by Alfred Stieglitz in 1905 that was a hub for avant-garde art and photography?
How many days are there in a non-leap year from January 1st to November 19th?
In what year did the Chinese philosopher Zhuang Zhou, also known as Chuang Tzu, pass away according to traditional accounts?
At what temperature, in Kelvin, does water freeze at standard atmospheric pressure?
How many short, witty sayings are attributed to the ancient Greek philosopher Epictetus in his surviving works?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed and sunk by a Japanese submarine on July 30, 1945?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
What is the approximate age, in millions of years, of the Earth's most recent supercontinent, Pangaea, when it began to break apart?
What is the total cost of three laptops priced at $100 each?
What is the name of the bridge in Delaware that carries US Route 301 over the Delaware River?
What is the specific type of Ford Mustang that was produced from 1969 to 1973 and is known for its aggressive styling and powerful engine options?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the United Airlines Flight 232 that crash-landed in Sioux City, Iowa, on July 19, 1989?
How many electoral votes did Jimmy Carter receive in the 1976 presidential election?
What is the wavelength of ultraviolet light that is commonly used in UV curing applications for inks, coatings, and adhesives?
What was the codename for the B-17 Flying Fortress unit that flew from Thurleigh Airfield in Bedfordshire, England, during World War II?
How many individuals make up the current composition of the United States Congress, excluding the President and Vice President?
How many short, episodic scenes are featured in the novel "If on a winter's night a traveler" by Italo Calvino?
How many boxers did Archie Moore, a legendary light heavyweight champion, defeat during his professional career?
How many poems did Emily Dickinson publish during her lifetime?
How many poems did the ancient Greek poet Athenaeus claim to have written in his book "Deipnosophistae"?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Constantine the Great defeat Maxentius at the Battle of Milvian Bridge?
In what year did the Edict of Milan, a proclamation of tolerance for Christianity, issue from the court of Emperor Constantine?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Licinius issue a decree of toleration, marking the end of the Great Persecution of Christians in the Eastern Roman Empire?
What is the height of the Statue of Liberty from the base to the tip of the torch?
How many vessels were involved in the D-Day invasion of Normandy on June 6, 1944?
How many poems of 14 lines, typically written in iambic pentameter, did William Shakespeare write in his lifetime?
How many men were simultaneously fathers to a set of triplets, quadruplets, quintuplets, sextuplets, septuplets, octuplets, nonuplets, and decuplets in a small village in 1850?
What is the top speed reached by the Bugatti Chiron Super Sport 300+ in 2019?
How many people work in the marketing, sales, and human resources departments of a mid-sized company with 160 employees in each of its two main offices?
In what year did the ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle die at the age of 62 in Chalcis, Euboea?
How many pages are in the first edition of "The Count of Monte Cristo" by Alexandre Dumas?
How many different album covers did the British rock band Led Zeppelin have for their 1971 untitled fourth studio album?
In what year did Alexander the Great die in Babylon, marking the beginning of the Wars of the Diadochi?
What is the official designation of the minor planet discovered on February 11, 1883, by German astronomer Karl Theodor Robert Luther?
In what year did Alexander the Great conquer the Persian Empire at the Battle of the Hydaspes River?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed and sunk by a Japanese submarine on July 30, 1945?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How long did the Swedish Empire last from its founding in 1611 to its dissolution in 1941?
How many fatalities occurred in the 1977 Tenerife airport disaster, which remains the deadliest accident in aviation history?
In what year did Alexander the Great conquer Persepolis, the capital of the Achaemenid Empire, and incorporate it into his vast empire?
What is the specific latent heat of fusion of water at standard atmospheric pressure?
What is the recommended daily intake of vitamin B12 for adults in the United States, as established by the National Institutes of Health?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Constantine I dedicate the Church of the Holy Apostles in Constantinople?
How many unique combinations of 4 items can be selected from a set of 8 distinct items, assuming the order of selection does not matter?
What is the wavelength of light that is perceived by the human eye as a vibrant, electric blue color?
What United Nations Security Council resolution called for a ceasefire in the Yom Kippur War and led to the Geneva Conference in 1973?
How many bars are there in a standard shipment of steel reinforcement for a large commercial building?
What is the number of the aphorism in Friedrich Nietzsche's book "Gay Science" that states "You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star"?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
What is the speed of sound in dry air at a temperature of 20°C and atmospheric pressure of 1 atm?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed and sunk by a Japanese submarine on July 30, 1945?
What is the total area of the three adjacent farms that are 115, 120, and 110 acres in size, respectively?
What is the wavelength of light that is perceived by the human eye as a vibrant, bright blue color?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed and sunk by a Japanese submarine on July 30, 1945?
How many individuals make up the European Parliament's eighth term, which was in office from 2014 to 2019?
What is the amount of money that Shylock demands as repayment from Antonio in Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice"?
What is the specific reference number in the academic paper that provides additional context about the methodology used in the study?
How many times did Winston Churchill address the House of Commons during his tenure as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Constantius II die after a reign of 37 years?
What is the name of the waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1879, which is also known as "The Diplomat"?
How many people from Italy were on board the Titanic when it sank on April 14, 1912?
In what year was the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, destroyed by a deliberate act of arson?
How many instances of a specific type of bird species were documented in the comprehensive ornithological study published last year?
What is the wavelength of ultraviolet light that is typically used in UV-A lamps for curing inks and adhesives in industrial applications?
On which line of the Python script does the error "TypeError: 'int' object is not iterable" occur when trying to iterate over a single integer value?
How many people were on board the Amistad when it was seized by the USS Washington in 1839?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Julian, also known as Julian the Apostate, die in battle against the Sassanid Empire?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Julian, also known as Julian the Apostate, die in battle against the Sassanid Empire?
What was signed by King Theodoric II of the Visigoths and the Roman Emperor Libius Severus to end the war between the Visigoths and the Western Roman Empire?
What is the designation of the highway that runs east-west through the city of Branson, Missouri?
How many concise, witty sayings are contained in the book "Daily Stoic: 365 Meditations for Clarity, Wisdom, and Power" by Ryan Holiday?
How many inches are in 30.5 feet, assuming there are 12 inches in 1 foot?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed and sunk by a Japanese submarine on July 30, 1945?
How many subway stations are currently operational in the New York City Subway system?
How many days are in a year that is not a leap year, but has 5 weeks in January, 4 weeks in February, and 5 weeks in July?
In what year did the Theban general Epaminondas defeat the Spartans at the Battle of Leuctra, marking a significant turning point in ancient Greek history?
How many regular season games did the Boston Celtics win during the Bill Russell era from 1956 to 1969?
How many people were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
What is the approximate distance from Dallas, Texas to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma?
How many police officers were deployed to maintain order during the 1992 Los Angeles riots?
How many housing units were built in the new development project on the outskirts of the city?
In what year did the Visigoths, led by Alatheus and Saphrax, defeat the Roman Emperor Valens at the Battle of Adrianople?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed and sunk by a Japanese submarine on July 30, 1945?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How many days are there in a year that is not a leap year, plus the number of days in January and February combined?
How many files did the archivist catalog and store in the newly organized digital repository last quarter?
How many oil wells did the Spindletop oil field in Texas have at its peak in 1902?
How many poems did Emily Dickinson publish during her lifetime?
What Intel microprocessor, introduced in 1985, was the first to implement the 32-bit architecture and became a widely used component in IBM-compatible PCs?
In what year did the Athenian general Thrasybulus restore the Athenian democracy after a period of oligarchic rule?
How many supplementary references are cited in the exhaustive historical treatise on medieval agriculture published by Cambridge University Press in 2012?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Theodosius I issue a decree that made Christianity the official state religion of the Roman Empire?
How many years separate the construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza, completed around 2580 BC, from the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus in 1492 AD?
What was the name of the Dadaist publication founded by Francis Picabia in 1917 that ran for 19 issues until 1924?
How many questions are there in a stack of 7 books, each containing 56 questions, plus the number of questions in a separate pile of 4 books, each containing 26 questions?
What is the asteroid number of a large, dark, and ancient asteroid that is a member of the Eos family and was discovered on December 30, 1894, by Auguste Charlois?
In what year did the Roman Emperor Theodosius I prohibit the Olympic Games, deeming them a pagan ritual?
What is the wavelength of light that is perceived by the human eye as a vibrant blue color, often associated with a clear summer sky?
In what year did the ancient Athenian statesman and general Conon, with the help of the Persian satrap Pharnabazus, defeat the Spartan fleet at the Battle of Cnidus?
In what year did the ancient Greek philosopher Socrates' student Aristippus of Cyrene die?
How many brothers and sisters did the Guinness World Record holder for the largest family, Feodor Vassilyev, have?
How many cars, trucks, and motorcycles are parked in the large parking lot of the stadium on a typical Sunday afternoon?
How many brothers and sisters did the father of the largest family in the world, Feodor Vassilyev, have in total?
How many three-point shots did Stephen Curry make in the 2015-2016 NBA season?
In what year did the Athenian statesman and general Thrasybulus restore the Athenian democracy after a period of oligarchic rule?
In what year did the Athenian general Alcibiades flee to the court of the Persian satrap Tissaphernes after being accused of sacrilege in Athens?
In what year did the Athenian general Alcibiades flee to the court of the Persian satrap Tissaphernes after being accused of sacrilege in Athens?
In what year did the Athenian general Alcibiades flee to the court of the Persian satrap Tissaphernes after being accused of sacrilege in Athens?
In what year did the Visigoths, led by Alaric, sack the city of Rome for the first time in over 800 years?
How many athletes participated in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, and were the athletes with disabilities from different sports categories part of the total count?
In what year did the ancient Greek playwright Euripides' tragedy "The Phoenician Women" premiere at the City Dionysia festival in Athens?
What is the number of sacking yards accumulated by Derrick Thomas in his NFL career?
What is the height of the tallest building in Europe, the Varso Tower, located in Warsaw, Poland?
What is the name of the student government organization at Grove City College in Pennsylvania?
In what year did the Athenian general Demosthenes surrender to the Spartans on the island of Sicily, marking a disastrous end to the Athenian expedition?
How many years elapsed between the construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza, completed around 2580 BC, and the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus in 1492 AD?
What is the year and name of the Athenian festival at which Aeschylus' play "The Persians" was first performed?
What is the prisoner ID number of the character played by Wentworth Miller in the TV show Prison Break?
In what year did the Athenian statesman and general Alcibiades flee to the court of the Persian satrap Tissaphernes in Asia Minor?
How many municipal councillors are elected to the municipal government of the city of Montreal, Quebec, Canada?
At what temperature, in Kelvin, does the melting point of tin occur?
How many pages are in the first edition of "The Count of Monte Cristo" by Alexandre Dumas?
In what year did the Athenians, led by Cleon, defeat the Spartans at the Battle of Pylos during the Peloponnesian War?
In what year did the Athenian general Cleon die during the Peloponnesian War?
How many concise, witty sayings did the ancient Greek philosopher Epictetus compile in his most famous work?
How many stories are there in the Empire State Building, which was the tallest building in the world when it was completed in 1931?
How many British soldiers were killed or wounded during the Battle of Isandlwana on January 22, 1879?
How many cannonballs did the USS Constitution, also known as "Old Ironsides," carry as part of its standard armament during the War of 1812?
How many passages of Shakespeare's plays are included in the popular anthology "Shakespeare's Greatest Hits"?
How many poems did Emily Dickinson publish during her lifetime?
How many different combinations of toppings can be created at a frozen yogurt shop that offers 3 flavors of yogurt, 7 toppings, and a "no toppings" option?
How many days are there in a period of 14 months and 20 days?
In what year and type of event did the Council of Ephesus, a significant ecclesiastical meeting, take place?
What is the frequency, in Hertz, of the natural harmonic series and the tuning used in many ancient cultures, including the Egyptians and Greeks?
What is the designation of the first asteroid to be orbited by a spacecraft, which was accomplished by the NEAR Shoemaker mission in 2000?
In what year did the Vandals, led by Genseric, sack Rome for the first time?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the USS Indianapolis when it was torpedoed and sunk by a Japanese submarine on July 30, 1945?
How many days are there in a period of time that is exactly 14 months and 9 days?
How many years elapsed between the construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza, completed around 2580 BC, and the fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman Empire in 1453 AD?
How many days are there in a period of time that is 14 months and 27 days?
What is the standard concert pitch of the A above middle C in Western music?
How many volumes are in the first edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica, which was published in 1768-1771?
How many days are there in a period of 1 year and 79 days?
In what year did the Athenians, led by Pericles, begin construction of the Parthenon in ancient Greece?
How many bridges are there in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, which is known as the "City of Bridges"?
What is the wavelength of blue light that is often associated with a sense of calmness and tranquility in humans?
In what year did the construction of the original Temple of Olympian Zeus in Athens, Greece, begin under the orders of Peisistratus?
How many 10-line stanzas with a specific rhyming scheme are found in the collection of poems written by Maurice Scève in 1544?
What is the wavelength of blue light that is often associated with a sense of calmness and tranquility in humans?
In what year did the Huns, led by Attila, invade Gaul and were defeated at the Battle of Chalons?
In what year did the Huns, led by Attila, invade Italy and sacked the city of Aquileia?
What is the name of the method used in molecular biology to amplify and sequence specific DNA fragments in a single reaction?
What is the total number of sacks recorded by Derrick Thomas, a legendary linebacker who played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 1989 to 1999?
How many nuclear explosions were conducted by France at its Pacific and Algerian test sites between 1960 and 1996?
In what year did the Athenian statesman Pericles begin his reconstruction of the Acropolis, a project that would last for several decades?
In what year did the Athenian statesman Pericles begin his reconstruction of the Acropolis, a project that would last for several decades?
What is the approximate distance from Paris, France to Zurich, Switzerland by car?
What is the approximate distance from Paris, France to Zurich, Switzerland by car along the most direct route?
In what year did the Athenian statesman Cimon defeat the Persians at the Battle of Eurymedon?
What is the wavelength of blue light that is perceived by the human eye as being of a moderate brightness and saturation, often associated with a clear sky on a sunny day?
How many Boer prisoners of war were taken by the British during the Battle of Paardeberg in 1900?
What is the unique identifier assigned to Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 20 in D minor, K. 466?
How many divorces were granted in the state of Nevada in a single day in August 2019?
What is the height of the 38th tallest building in the world, the Shanghai Shimao International Plaza, in feet?
How many relics were discovered in the ancient temple by the team of archaeologists during their 5-year excavation project?
In what year was the Athenian statesman and general Cimon born, according to traditional accounts?
How many top-level decision-makers participated in the global business strategy survey conducted by the prestigious management consulting firm last year?
What is the OECD guideline test number for the in vitro mutagenicity test using bacterial reverse mutation?
How many fatalities occurred during the sinking of the HMS Looe, a British warship that caught fire and sank off the coast of Plymouth in 1744?
How many monarchs are buried in the Basilica of St. Denis, the traditional burial site of the French monarchy?
How many Spartan warriors fought against the Persian army at the Battle of Thermopylae in 480 BCE?
What is the wavelength of blue light that is often associated with a sense of calmness and tranquility in humans?
In what year did the Western Roman Empire officially come to an end with the abdication of Romulus Augustus?
What is the exact length, in words, of the sentence that begins with "Perching precariously on the proverbial branch of existence" and ends with "a plethora of linguistic gymnastics"?
In what year did the Athenians, led by Aristides, defeat the Persians at the Battle of Eurymedon?
In what year did the Persian Wars come to an end with the Athenian victory at the Battle of Plataea?
How many soldiers were in a Roman legion during the reign of Emperor Augustus?
How many pieces did the ancient Greek poet Stesichorus claim the works of Homer were broken into by the scholars of Alexandria?
How many saints are venerated by the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church?
What is the wavelength of blue light that is often associated with a sense of calmness and tranquility in humans?
In what year did the Visigoths, led by Alaric, sack Rome for the first time in over 800 years?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically associated with the color cyan in the visible spectrum?
By what percentage did the value of a certain investment increase if it grew from $1 to $48,900,000,000 over a certain period of time?
What is the wavelength of blue light that is often associated with a sense of calmness and tranquility in humans?
What is the number of accessions in the Svalbard Global Seed Vault, also known as the "Doomsday Vault", as of 2020?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the SS Central America when it sank in a hurricane off the coast of South Carolina in 1857?
How many vinyl albums are currently stored in the archives of the local music museum?
In what year did the Athenians, led by Miltiades, defeat the Persians at the Battle of Marathon?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as a bright, vibrant blue color?
What is the unique property of the gauge group E8×E8, a key component of the heterotic string theory in physics?
What is the wavelength of light that is perceived by the human eye as a vibrant, blue-green color, often associated with the feathers of certain tropical birds?
How many chances did Tom, the feline with nine lives, have left after losing one life for every year of his 56-year life, minus the 10 lives he gained from eating magical cat food?
How many women did King Arthur's half-sister Morgan le Fay enchant and imprison in her castle according to medieval legend?
What is the wavelength of light that is perceived by the human eye as a vibrant, bright green color?
What 2012 Washington state ballot measure legalized the production, possession, and distribution of marijuana for adults 21 and older?
How many photographs are currently stored in the database of the museum's online art collection?
How many different combinations of flavors can be created by mixing 9 different ice cream flavors in pairs, triples, or quadruples, assuming no flavor is used more than once in each mixture?
What is the recorded number of enemy combatants eliminated by Chris Kyle, the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history, during his four tours of duty in Iraq?
In what year and location did the Armenian Church formally reject the Council of Chalcedon and established its independence from the Byzantine Empire?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as green?
In the Dewey Decimal Classification system, what is the number assigned to the subject of Standardization and related topics?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as a vibrant, bright green color?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as a vibrant, bright green color?
How many kids were on the Mayflower when it set sail from Plymouth, England in 1620?
What is the total cost of buying 8 identical laptops that each cost 64 dollars?
In what year did the Persian king Darius I conquer the Indus Valley and incorporate it into the Achaemenid Empire?
How many kids were rescued from the 2018 Thai cave ordeal?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived as green by the human eye?
In what year did the construction of the Temple of Olympian Zeus in Athens, Greece, under the rule of Peisistratus, come to an end?
In what year did the Byzantine Emperor Anastasius I die, marking the end of his 27-year reign?
What is the name of the significant seismic event that occurred in Shaanxi, China in 1556, killing an estimated 830,000 people?
What is the wavelength of light that is perceived by the human eye as a vibrant, bright green color?
What is the approximate distance from Paris, France to Zurich, Switzerland by car?
What is the Köchel catalogue number of Mozart's opera "The Little Masonic Cantata"?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the reign of Emperor Justin I, officially adopt the Julian calendar as its standard calendar system?
In what year did the Nika riots occur in Constantinople, resulting in the destruction of much of the city and the rebuilding of the Hagia Sophia?
What is the total number of electoral votes that can be cast in a presidential election in the United States, assuming all states and the District of Columbia participate?
In what year did the Anno Domini era, which is the basis for the modern Gregorian calendar, begin to be widely used in Europe?
How many people were rescued by the USS Montague during the Vietnam War's Operation Passage to Freedom in 1954-1955?
How many images did the artist claim to have taken during her 10-year project documenting the changing landscape of the American West?
What is the term used to describe the process of terminating a 529 college savings plan due to a beneficiary's death, disability, or receipt of a scholarship?
What is the address of the iconic NASCAR track in Concord, North Carolina, that hosts the Coca-Cola 600?
In what year did a devastating uprising, sparked by a chariot race, break out in Constantinople, resulting in the destruction of much of the city and the deaths of tens of thousands of people?
In what year did the Byzantine general Belisarius defeat the Vandals in North Africa, marking a significant turning point in the reign of Emperor Justinian I?
In what year did the second and more destructive of two earthquakes strike the city of Antioch, killing an estimated 250,000 people?
Approximately how long ago did the Cambrian explosion, a period of rapid evolution of life on Earth, begin?
How many possible permutations are there for arranging the letters in the phrase "listen" and "silent" simultaneously?
How many electoral votes did Ronald Reagan receive in the 1984 presidential election?
How many members of the Electoral College are responsible for electing the President and Vice President of the United States?
How many individual components make up the exterior surface of the geodesic dome designed by Buckminster Fuller for the 1967 Montreal World's Fair?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as yellow-green in color?
How many days are there in 18 months, assuming a non-leap year with 365 days?
How many enemy soldiers did Sergeant Carlos Hathcock, the legendary US Marine Corps sniper, officially credit with his rifle during the Vietnam War?
How many years elapsed between the construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza and the fall of the Western Roman Empire?
What was the event in which the Eastern Roman Emperor Justinian I's troops, led by Belisarius, captured the city of Rome from the Ostrogoths after a year-long blockade?
In what year did the ancient Persian Empire, under the rule of Cyrus the Great, conquer the Lydian Empire and capture its capital city of Sardis?
What is the wavenumber of a photon with an energy of 2.27 electronvolts in a vacuum?
How many tales are contained within the pages of the world's largest collection of short fiction, which was compiled by a team of literary enthusiasts over the course of five years?
How many home runs did Ken Griffey Jr. hit during his 22-year career in Major League Baseball?
In what year did the 37th Olympiad of the ancient Olympic Games take place?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as yellow-green in color?
In what year did the Second Council of Constantinople, also known as the Fifth Ecumenical Council, take place?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the rule of Emperor Justinian I, experience a devastating outbreak of the plague that would eventually kill an estimated 25 million people?
How many sonatas did Ludwig van Beethoven compose during his lifetime?
How many people were forcibly removed from the United States during the first year of the Obama administration's Secure Communities program?
In what year did the Western Turkic Khaganate conquer the city of Bukhara in modern-day Uzbekistan?
Approximately how many years ago did the Cambrian explosion, a period of rapid evolution of life on Earth, begin?
In what year did the Second Council of Paris take place, which was a significant ecclesiastical synod in the Frankish kingdom?
What is the height of the Washington Monument, a prominent obelisk monument in Washington, D.C., United States?
How many units of text does the original French edition of Georges Perec's novel "La Disparition" consist of?
In what year did the Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar II begin his 18-month siege of Tyre?
How many different species of birds are currently recognized by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)?
How many introductory essays did Marcel Duchamp write for the catalog of the 1936 Surrealist exhibition in Paris?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
How many questions are there in a book that has 3 sections with 189 questions each?
In which room on the fifth floor of the hotel did the famous author stay during her book tour?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as yellow?
What was the codename for the top-secret Chinese operation to develop a high-altitude, long-range bomber in the 1960s?
How many years elapsed between the construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza and the fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman Empire?
At what temperature does the element tungsten melt under standard atmospheric pressure?
What is the location of the amino acid glycine in the protein sequence of human hemoglobin subunit beta?
What is the total cost of purchasing 23 items that each cost $25, and then adding a 10% sales tax to the subtotal?
How many individuals make up the United States Congress, which consists of 435 Representatives and 141 Senators?
How many individuals make up the European Parliament, which is the directly elected parliamentary institution of the European Union?
In what year did the Babylonians, led by Nebuchadnezzar II, destroy the Temple of Solomon in Jerusalem?
What is the approximate distance from Earth to the star Betelgeuse in the constellation Orion?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the MV Doña Paz when it collided with an oil tanker and sank on December 20, 1987?
How many lines are there in the epic poem "Paradise Lost" by John Milton?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the MS Estonia when it sank in the Baltic Sea on September 28, 1994?
How many days are there in 19 months, assuming a non-leap year with 30 days in each month?
What is the elevation of the lowest point in North America, located in Death Valley National Park, California?
In what year did the Neo-Babylonian Empire, under the reign of Nebuchadnezzar II, conquer and destroy the Kingdom of Judah, leading to the Babylonian exile of the Jews?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as a bright, vibrant yellow color?
What is the designation of the largest Trojan asteroid and the first discovered Trojan asteroid, which was discovered in 1906 by German astronomer Max Wolf?
What is the wavelength of the yellow-orange color of light that is often associated with sodium vapor lamps?
How many sonnets did William Shakespeare write throughout his lifetime?
How many years would it take for a single atom to travel the observable universe's diameter of 93 billion light-years at a speed of 1 meter per second?
How many years would it take for a single atom of hydrogen to decay into its constituent particles if it were somehow possible to observe it undergoing radioactive decay at a rate of one decay per 10^(-18) seconds?
In what year did the Byzantine Emperor Maurice decree that the Slavs be allowed to settle in the Balkans?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically associated with the yellow-orange color of sodium vapor lamps?
What was the designation of the Apollo mission that sent the first American woman, Sally Ride, into space in 1983?
In what year did the Babylonians, led by Nebuchadnezzar II, capture Jerusalem and destroy the Temple of Solomon?
How many soldiers did the Spartans send to Thermopylae to defend against the Persian invasion in 480 BCE?
What is the address of the Hudson Yards development's first residential building, which opened in 2019 and features a unique cantilevered design?
In what year did the Visigoths, led by King Liuva II, conquer the Byzantine province of Spania?
How many tiles of a specific geometric design are featured on the ceiling of the grand atrium in the historic Bellvue Manor?
How many pages are in the first edition of "War and Peace" by Leo Tolstoy?
In what year did the Neo-Babylonian Empire, under the rule of Nebuchadnezzar II, conquer and destroy the city of Jerusalem?
How many tweets did the official Twitter account of the 2020 Summer Olympics post during the 16-day event?
In what year did the Babylonians, led by Nebuchadnezzar II, besiege and capture Jerusalem, leading to the destruction of the Temple of Solomon?
How many commitments did Franklin D. Roosevelt make in his 1944 State of the Union address, which later became known as the Second Bill of Rights?
How many bricks are needed to build a wall that is 9 layers high, with 67 bricks in each layer, plus one extra layer of 10 bricks on top?
What was the event in 1926 in which Chiang Kai-shek seized control of the National Revolutionary Army in Guangzhou, China?
What is the standard atmospheric pressure at an altitude of 4,500 meters above sea level?
In what year did the Visigoths, led by King Sisebut, conquer the Byzantine province of Spania?
How many commandments are contained in the Torah, according to traditional Jewish law and interpretation?
How many questions are there in the first 25 chapters of the book "The 614 Questions" by Rabbi David Wolpe?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as a bright, vibrant orange color?
What was the decree issued by the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius in 617 CE that prohibited Jews from holding public office in the Eastern Roman Empire?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically associated with the color orange in the visible spectrum?
In what year did the Sui Dynasty, which reunified China after a period of fragmentation, come to an end with the abdication of Emperor Yang?
What is the approximate distance from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma to Kansas City, Missouri?
How many extramarital relationships did French President François Mitterrand allegedly have during his lifetime?
What is the name of the Byzantine Empire's catastrophic defeat at the hands of the Sassanid Empire in 622 CE?
How many female passengers were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton in 1912?
In what year did the Visigoths, led by King Suintila, capture the Byzantine stronghold of Cartagena in southern Spain?
What is the name of the catastrophic event that occurred in the year 1256 of the Galactic Standard Calendar in the Andromeda galaxy?
In what year did the Avars and the Slavs lay siege to Constantinople during the reign of Byzantine Emperor Heraclius?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, led by Emperor Heraclius, defeat the Sassanid Empire and reclaim Mesopotamia in a decisive battle?
How many people were on board the MV Tampa, a Norwegian cargo ship that sparked a diplomatic incident in 2001 when it rescued them from a distressed vessel in international waters?
What is the height of the Zifeng Tower, a skyscraper located in Nanjing, China?
How many years elapsed between the construction of the Hagia Sophia in 537 AD and the fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman Empire in 1453 AD?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty, which was the most prosperous period in Chinese history, reach its peak?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived as a deep red color by the human eye?
How many unique ethnic groups are recognized by the Russian government according to the 2010 census?
What is the model name of the high-performance variant of the E24 generation of the BMW 6 Series that was produced from 1984 to 1989?
What is the height of the Washington Monument, a prominent obelisk monument located in the National Mall in Washington, D.C.?
What is the designation of the Japanese high-speed train fleet operated by JR East that features a distinctive rounded nose and is capable of reaching speeds of up to 320 kilometers per hour?
What is the approximate distance from New York City to Chicago along the most direct route of Interstate 80?
In what year did Emperor Heraclius die, marking the end of his reign over the Byzantine Empire?
In what year did the Duchy of Benevento, a Lombard state in southern Italy, gain independence from the Lombard Kingdom?
What is the catalog number assigned to Antonio Vivaldi's concerto for lute and orchestra in D major?
In what year did the Tang dynasty, under the reign of Emperor Taizong, defeat the Xue Rengui-led army of the Western Turks, marking a significant expansion of Chinese territory?
How many photographs are currently stored in the museum's digital archive of 19th-century French Impressionist art?
At what temperature, in Kelvins, does the surface of the Sun's photosphere reach its maximum brightness?
In what year did the ancient Olympic Games, according to historical records, first introduce the hoplitodromos, a 400-meter footrace in armor, as an Olympic event?
In what year and language was the Buddhist scripture "Mahayana Mahaparinirvana Sutra" first translated into a non-Indian language?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically associated with the color red in the visible spectrum?
How many reptiles were counted in the swamp by the team of wildlife experts on their most recent expedition?
In what year did the Tang dynasty of China, under the reign of Emperor Gaozong, launch a military campaign against the Western Turks?
What is the wavelength of red light that is commonly used in laser pointers and is near the long-wavelength end of the visible spectrum?
What is the wavelength of the red light emitted by excited hydrogen atoms in the H-alpha spectral line?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty, under the reign of Emperor Gaozong of Tang, conquer the Western Turkic Khaganate?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty, under the reign of Emperor Gaozong of Tang, conquer the Western Turkic Khaganate?
What is the total cost of purchasing 13 items priced at $51 each?
What is the approximate distance from the city of Paris to the city of Zurich?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty, under the reign of Emperor Gaozong of Tang, conquer the Western Turkic Khaganate?
According to the scandalous memoirs of the notorious 18th-century courtesan, Madame de Pompadour, how many illicit romantic encounters did she engage in during her lifetime?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty, under the leadership of Emperor Gaozong of Tang, launch a military campaign against the Korean kingdom of Baekje?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty of China establish a military base in Tibet to counter the Tibetan Empire's expansion?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived as a deep red color by the human eye?
What is the numerical value of the 667th place in a sequence where each number is one more than the previous number, starting from 1?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the reign of Emperor Constantine IV, defeat the First Arab Siege of Constantinople?
How many individuals make up the European Parliament, which is the directly elected parliamentary institution of the European Union?
What is the title of the largest collection of Tang Dynasty poems compiled during the Qing Dynasty?
In what year did Esarhaddon, the king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire, conquer Egypt?
What was the duration, in days, of the Siege of Malta by the Ottoman Empire in 1565?
What event occurred when the Umayyad Caliphate, led by Yazid I, laid siege to the city of Constantinople for nearly a year?
What was the total amount of money that Marcus, a Roman merchant, received in payment for the 15 crates of olive oil he sold to the local market at 45 denarii per crate?
How many lines are there in the First Folio edition of William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet"?
How many innings did Cy Young pitch in the 1892 season?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically perceived by the human eye as a deep red color?
In what year did Esarhaddon, the king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire, conquer Egypt and establish Assyrian rule over the land of the Nile?
In what year did the Chinese Buddhist monk Yijing return to Luoyang after traveling to India and Southeast Asia to study and translate Buddhist scriptures?
In what year did the Benedictine monk and scholar Saint Aldhelm die, according to historical records?
How many people tuned in to watch the live stream of the charity event on YouTube last night?
What is the sum of the 31st prime number and the 22nd Fibonacci number?
In what year did the Byzantine Emperor Justinian II have his nose cut off and was exiled to Cherson after a rebellion led by Leontius?
In what year did the Assyrian king Sennacherib destroy the city of Babylon?
How many sonnets did William Shakespeare write throughout his lifetime?
How many pieces of futuristic tableware did the Galactic Emperor of Andromeda order for the Intergalactic Banquet of 3056?
How many units of concise writing did the prolific author produce in their exhaustive treatise on the history of 18th-century European philosophy?
In what year did the Zen Buddhist monk Yuchen, who was known for his poetry and calligraphy, pass away?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty's Wu Zetian become the only woman to ever rule China in her own right?
In what year did the Byzantine Emperor Tiberios III ascend to the throne after the death of Emperor Leontios?
How many images did the renowned photographer take during her 10-year project to document the changing landscapes of the American West?
In what year did the Assyrian king Sennacherib begin his siege of Jerusalem during the reign of King Hezekiah of Judah?
What Federal Rule of Evidence governs the admission of expert testimony in federal courts?
In what year did the 14th Olympiad of the ancient Olympic Games take place in Greece?
How many Members of the European Parliament are elected to represent the interests of EU citizens in the European Parliament?
What was the codename for the secret Pakistani nuclear weapons program established in 1974?
What was the first commercially successful jet airliner, introduced in 1958, that revolutionized the airline industry and paved the way for modern air travel?
What is the address of the historic home in St. Louis, Missouri, where Chuck Berry lived from 1957 to 1961?
How many people were rescued from the Titanic after it sank on April 14, 1912?
In what year did the Umayyad Caliphate conquer the Visigothic Kingdom, marking the beginning of Muslim rule in the Iberian Peninsula?
What is the number of possible unique starting positions in a standard game of chess, assuming the pieces are arranged in a specific way?
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit during his Major League Baseball career?
In what year did the Assyrian king Sennacherib begin his reign, which would last for 22 years and be marked by numerous military campaigns and architectural projects?
At what frequency do the wings of a common housefly beat when it is in flight?
In what year did the Assyrian Empire, under the rule of Sargon II, conquer the Kingdom of Israel and deport its inhabitants?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the leadership of Emperor Leo III, defeat the Umayyad Caliphate and end the Second Arab Siege of Constantinople?
What is the approximate distance from Denver, Colorado to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma along Interstate 25 and Interstate 40?
In what year did the Byzantine Emperor Leo III the Isaurian begin his reign, which would last for 24 years and be marked by significant military and administrative reforms?
How many edges does a dodecagon have, if each edge is shared by exactly two adjacent vertices?
In what year did the Byzantine Emperor Leo III the Isaurian officially adopt the Byzantine calendar, which is the predecessor to the Julian calendar used in the West?
In what year did the Nara period of Japanese history begin, according to traditional dating?
How many points did the notorious student, known for their mischievous behavior, accumulate in their disciplinary record during their tumultuous four-year tenure at the prestigious boarding school?
What is the only commercial airliner to have a rear-mounted engine and a distinctive trijet design?
In what year did the Assyrian king Tiglath-Pileser III conquer the city of Damascus?
How many concrete slabs would you need to pave a 27x27 grid of 1x1 foot squares?
How many pills would you have if you had 10 bottles of 73 tablets each?
What is the approximate distance from the city of Paris, France to the city of Berlin, Germany?
In what year did the Frankish leader Charles Martel defeat the Umayyad Moors at the Battle of Tours, halting the Islamic conquest of Western Europe?
What is the length of the longest hole at the Old Course at St Andrews, a famous golf course in Scotland?
What is the wavelength of red light in the visible spectrum of electromagnetic radiation?
How many hours are in a 30-day month, assuming a 24-hour clock and no leap seconds?
Which commercial aircraft model was grounded worldwide in 2019 due to a software issue that caused two fatal crashes?
How many years elapsed between the construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza and the fall of the Western Roman Empire?
How many World War II veterans were still alive in the United States as of 2020, according to the National World War II Museum?
What is the address of the Simpsons' home in the fictional town of Springfield?
What is the decimal equivalent of the fraction 3/4, rounded to three decimal places?
What is the name of the chess opening that involves a sacrifice of a pawn on d4 in response to Black's move 1.
What devastating natural disaster struck the Levant region, causing widespread destruction and killing thousands of people, in the year 749?
How many soldiers did the Spartans send to Thermopylae to defend against the Persian invasion in 480 BCE?
In what year did the Abbasid Caliphate overthrow the Umayyad Caliphate in the Abbasid Revolution?
What is the name of the document signed by Charles de Gaulle on June 18, 1940, marking the beginning of the French Resistance during World War II?
In what year did Romulus and Remus traditionally found the city of Rome?
What is the number of threads per square inch in a typical cotton bed sheet?
In what year did the An Lushan Rebellion, a devastating civil war in China, begin?
How many presents did Santa's elves prepare for the holiday season, divided into 12 categories, with each category containing 63 items?
In what year did the An Lushan Rebellion, a devastating civil war in Tang Dynasty China, begin?
What is the height of a standard ISO A1 sheet of paper in millimeters?
How many digits are in the decimal representation of the mathematical constant pi, as calculated and verified by a team of mathematicians in 2016?
What is the height of the New York Times Building in Manhattan, which was completed in 2007 and serves as the newspaper's headquarters?
What is the approximate speed of the Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird, the fastest jet-powered aircraft ever built?
How many votes did the winning candidate receive in the 2012 election for the mayor of Smalltown, USA?
How many compositions did the prolific Baroque composer Georg Philipp Telemann create during his lifetime?
What is the approximate speed of the Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird, the fastest jet-powered aircraft ever built?
In what year did the Assyrian Empire, under the reign of Ashur-Dan III, experience a total solar eclipse that was recorded by ancient astronomers?
In what year did the Abbasid Caliphate, led by Al-Mahdi, conquer the city of Bukhara from the Umayyad Caliphate?
In what year did the ancient Greeks hold the first recorded Olympic Games, which were said to have been founded by Hercules himself?
What is the name of the 55-story skyscraper located in Figueroa Street in downtown Los Angeles, California?
In what year did the Frankish king Charlemagne conquer the Saxons and destroy their sacred tree, the Irminsul?
What is the total cost of a round-trip flight from Paris to Rome, a 3-night stay at a mid-range hotel, and a guided tour of the Colosseum?
What is the height of the tallest building in Nashville, Tennessee, as of 2021?
In what year did the Abbasid Caliph Harun al-Rashid begin his reign in Baghdad?
What is the model of the wide-body, twin-engine jet airliner developed by Boeing that features a unique raked wingtip design and is known for its fuel efficiency and comfort?
How many works of art are featured in the recently discovered hidden chamber deep within the ancient Mayan temple of Chac Mool?
What is the height of the Bass Pro Shops Pyramid in Memphis, Tennessee?
In what year did Viking raiders first attack the monastery at Lindisfarne, marking the beginning of the Viking Age in England?
What was the year and type of council that condemned Adoptionism and confirmed the use of icons in the Eastern Orthodox Church?
In what year did the Vikings raid the monastery at Lindisfarne, an event often considered the beginning of the Viking Age?
What is the name of the former industrial complex in Beijing, China, that has been transformed into a vibrant arts district featuring galleries, museums, and street art?
How many Soviet troops were dropped behind German lines during the Dnieper airborne operation in September 1943?
What type of microcontroller is commonly used in the original Arduino boards?
How many people were on board the SS Morro Castle when it caught fire and ran aground off Asbury Park, New Jersey, on September 8, 1934?
In what year did the Vikings raid the monastery at Lindisfarne, an event often considered the beginning of the Viking Age?
How many people are currently subscribed to your social media profile?
How many approvals did the regulatory committee grant to the pharmaceutical company's new drug application over the course of the past three years?
In what year did the Viking leader Harald Klak convert to Christianity and become the King of Denmark?
How many Normans were killed in the 1480 massacre in Otranto, Italy, according to historical records?
In what year did the Bulgarian Empire reach its greatest territorial extent under the rule of Khan Omurtag?
What is the location of the amino acid glycine in the protein sequence of human hemoglobin subunit beta?
How many poems did Emily Dickinson publish during her lifetime?
How long was the duration of the longest single spaceflight by an American astronaut, Scott Kelly, from March 27, 2015, to March 2, 2016?
How many singers participated in the Guinness World Record-breaking performance of "Ode to Joy" in 2014?
In what year did the Viking raid on the monastery at Lindisfarne, off the coast of Northumbria in northeastern England, take place?
In what year did the Abbasid Caliph al-Ma'mun commission the translation of Ptolemy's "Almagest" into Arabic?
How many telephone numbers are available in the 867, 868, and 869 area codes in the North American Numbering Plan?
In what year did the Saracens conquer Sicily from the Byzantine Empire?
In what year did the ancient Assyrian king Shalmaneser III conquer the kingdom of Damascus?
How many artworks did Vincent van Gogh create during his lifetime, according to the most recent catalog of his complete works?
In what year did the Viking raid on Nantes take place, which is considered one of the most significant Viking raids in history?
How many high-ranking military personnel were present at the historic signing of the Treaty of Versailles in 1919?
In what year did the Viking raid on Hamburg take place, which led to the city being designated as an archbishopric by the Holy Roman Emperor Louis the Pious?
How many minutes are there in 14 days, assuming a non-leap year with 24 hours in a day and 60 minutes in an hour?
What is the number of entries in the Guinness World Records book that was published in 2006?
What was the solemn promise made by Louis the German and Charles the Bald to settle their differences and end their bitter struggle for power?
In what year did the Treaty of Verdun divide the Carolingian Empire into three parts, marking the end of Charlemagne's unified empire?
How many literary works did the ancient Greek poet Theognis of Megara leave behind, according to the most reliable estimates?
What is the total cost of purchasing 5 laptops at $169 each and a printer that costs $10 more than 3 laptops?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty and the Abbasid Caliphate sign the Treaty of Fu-fan, marking the first recorded diplomatic exchange between China and the Arab world?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
In what year did the Vikings raid the monastery at Lindisfarne for the second time?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
In what year did the Assyrian king Shalmaneser III defeat the coalition of Aramean and Israelite forces at the Battle of Qarqar?
How many words are in the complete text of the Declaration of Independence, excluding the signatures?
How many vocalists participated in the Guinness World Record-breaking choral performance of "Ode to Joy" in 2014?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty's Emperor Xuanzong issue a decree banning Buddhism in China, leading to a period of persecution against Buddhists?
What is the approximate length of the Rhine River, which flows through Switzerland, Austria, Liechtenstein, Germany, France, and the Netherlands?
In what year did the Great Moravian Empire reach its peak under the rule of Rastislav, who sought to create a Slavic church independent of Rome?
What type of retirement plan is specifically designed for employees of educational institutions and tax-exempt organizations?
What is the unique identifier assigned to the specific Oracle Cloud Machine configuration that features 36 cores, 576 GB of RAM, and 28.8 TB of storage?
How many kids were on the waiting list for the new playground equipment in the small town of Willow Creek last summer?
In what year did the Tang Dynasty's Emperor Yizong of Tang come to the throne in China?
How many goals did Josef Bican, the Austrian-Czech footballer, score during his professional career?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically used in optical coherence tomography (OCT) to achieve high-resolution imaging of the retina?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
In what year did the Vikings raid the Abbey of Saint-Denis, a pivotal event in the Viking Age, for the first time?
What is the approximate distance from the city of Dallas, Texas to the city of Chicago, Illinois?
What is the catalog designation of the celestial body located at a distance of 34.6 light-years from Earth in the constellation of Pictor?
In what year did the Great Heathen Army defeat the Kingdom of Wessex at the Battle of Edington?
What is the frequency, in Hertz, of the A above the A above middle C on a standard piano keyboard?
How many indigenous people were relocated from their homes in the Pribilof Islands to southeastern Alaska during World War II?
In what year did the Vikings invade Kent and plundered the monastery at St. Augustine's Abbey in Canterbury?
What is the international dialing code required to reach a phone number in Taiwan from outside the country?
How many meteorites have been found on Earth that originated from the Moon?
In what year did the Abbasid Caliphate, led by Caliph al-Mu'tadid, capture the city of Amid from the Tulunid dynasty?
How many goals did Josef Bican, the Austrian-Czech footballer, score during his professional career?
In what year did the Magyars, led by Árpád, conquer the Carpathian Basin and establish the Principality of Hungary?
In what year did the Treaty of Alfred and Guthrum establish the boundaries between Wessex and the Danelaw?
What is the exact address of the famous surf shop in Kahului, Maui, where locals go to buy handmade surfboards?
How many horses did the ancient Mongol emperor Genghis Khan reportedly have in his personal cavalry?
What was the flight number of the Boeing 707 that was intercepted by Soviet Su-15 interceptors on April 20, 1978, after it strayed into restricted airspace near Murmansk, Russia?
What is the wavelength of light that is typically associated with a deep red color in the visible spectrum?
How many pieces of legislation were introduced in the 116th United States Congress during its first session?
In what year did the Treaty of Alfred and Guthrum establish the boundaries between Wessex and the Danelaw?
What is the name of the international non-governmental organization that aims to promote sustainable development and poverty reduction in developing countries, particularly in Africa and Asia?
In what year did the Benedictine monastery of Cluny, a major center of Christian learning and reform, receive a charter of immunity from King William I of Aquitaine?
In what year did the Magyars, led by Árpád, conquer the Carpathian Basin and establish the Principality of Hungary?
What is the term used to describe the network of buildings in Lower Manhattan that served as the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey until 2001?
What is the wavelength of the strongest spectral line in the hydrogen emission spectrum, also known as the Balmer-alpha line?
How many individuals make up the current membership of the United States Congress, including both the House of Representatives and the Senate?
What is the designation of the Porsche sports car that was produced from 1969 to 1975 and was known for its mid-engine design and pop-up headlights?
What was the estimated cost of building the One World Trade Center in New York City?
In what year did the Bulgarian Empire, under the rule of Simeon the Great, defeat the Byzantine Empire at the Battle of Anchialus?
How many passengers and crew members were on board the Titanic when it set sail from Southampton on April 10, 1912?
What is the approximate weight of a grand piano, assuming it is a concert grand model made of high-quality materials and crafted with precision engineering?
In what year did the Bulgarian Orthodox Church gain autonomy from the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople?
In what year did the Abbasid Caliph al-Muqtadir begin his reign in Baghdad?
In what year did the Hungarian army defeat the East Frankish army at the Battle of Pressburg?
What is the numerical value of the page number where the definition of "zymurgy" can be found in the 15th edition of the Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary?
In what year did the Kingdom of England and the Danelaw sign the Treaty of Wedmore, establishing a boundary between their territories?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the reign of Romanos I Lekapenos, defeat the Bulgarian Empire at the Battle of Anchialus?
How many episodes of the American sitcom "The Simpsons" had aired as of the conclusion of its 33rd season in 2022?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the reign of Emperor Romanos I, recapture the city of Edessa from the Abbasid Caliphate?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the reign of Emperor Romanos I Lekapenos, recapture the city of Edessa from the Abbasid Caliphate?
What provision of the U.S. tax code allowed U.S. corporations to exempt from taxation income earned from their Puerto Rico operations from 1976 to 2005?
What was the name of the strategic location in Vietnam that was the site of a brutal and intense battle in 1969, as depicted in the film "We Were Soldiers"?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the reign of Emperor Romanos I, recapture the city of Edessa from the Abbasid Caliphate?
What is the approximate rest energy of a proton in units of million electron volts?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, led by Emperor Romanos I, defeat the Rus' fleet in the Battle of Constantinople?
What is the approximate energy content of a large apple, according to the United States Department of Agriculture?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the reign of Emperor Romanos I Lekapenos, recapture the city of Edessa from the Arabs?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the reign of Constantine VII, conclude a treaty with the Kingdom of Hungary, marking the end of a long period of conflict between the two powers?
How long did the Byzantine Empire, also known as the Eastern Roman Empire, survive after the fall of the Western Roman Empire in 476 CE?
What is the designation of the asteroid that was the first to be imaged by a spacecraft, which occurred on October 29, 1991, during the Galileo spacecraft's flyby?
In what year did Eric the Red, a Norse explorer, establish the first Norse settlement in Greenland?
In what year did the Holy Roman Emperor Otto I defeat the Magyars at the Battle of Lechfeld?
How many years elapsed between the construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza in 2580 BCE and the coronation of King Henry III of England in 1227 CE?
How many cells are in a 30x32 grid, minus the 11 cells that are blocked out?
How many people are currently subscribed to the popular social media influencer's account?
How many individuals make up the European Parliament, which is the directly elected parliamentary institution of the European Union?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the reign of Emperor Nikephoros II Phokas, recapture the city of Aleppo from the Hamdanid dynasty?
In what year did the Holy Roman Emperor Otto I defeat the Magyars at the Battle of Lechfeld?
In what year did the Holy Roman Emperor Otto I defeat the Magyars at the Battle of Lechfeld?
What is the name of the Buddhist nationalist organization in Myanmar founded by Ashin Wirathu in 2012?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the rule of John I Tzimiskes, conquer the city of Aleppo from the Hamdanid dynasty?
How many physical activities are included in the comprehensive fitness program designed for athletes training for the Olympic Games?
How many sacred songs are attributed to the ancient Greek poet and musician Orpheus?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the rule of Basil II, conquer the First Bulgarian Empire?
What is the approximate distance between the city of Miami, Florida, and the city of Boston, Massachusetts?
What is the approximate distance from the city of Miami, Florida to the city of Boston, Massachusetts?
In what year did the Byzantine Empire, under the rule of Emperor Basil II, defeat the Bulgarian Empire at the Battle of Stara Zagora?
In what year did the Vikings, led by Olaf Tryggvesson, raid and pillage the monastery at St. Florent-le-Vieil in France?
How many files did the archivist catalog and store in the newly organized digital repository last quarter?
In what year did the Vietnamese king Lê Hoàn defeat the Song Dynasty army at the Battle of Bạch Đằng?
How many years are there in 10 centuries minus 10 years?
In what year did the Vikings raid and pillage the monastery at Lindisfarne, an event often considered the beginning of the Viking Age?
What is the wavenumber of the spectral line corresponding to the transition from the 4th to the 3rd energy level in the hydrogen atom?
How many people, excluding the two most popular and the two least popular, attended the party?
How many aphorisms are contained in the book "The Little Green Book" written by Vasily Osipovich Klyuchevsky?
How many years are in a century?
How many keys are on a standard keyboard, excluding the numeric keypad?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano and the number of Dalmatians in a famous Disney movie?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of years in a century?
How many keys are on a standard keyboard, assuming it has a numeric keypad and function keys?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of three humans, two dogs, and one cat?
How many years are in a century plus six years?
How many years are in a century plus seven years?
How many degrees are in the internal angle of a regular pentagon?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of years in a century minus one?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical human and a typical insect?
How many ones are there in the number that is one more than the square of the number of sides of an equilateral triangle?
How many feet are in 56 yards, assuming there are 2 feet in a yard?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical human, a typical cat, and a typical spider?
How many pounds are in 51 kilograms, rounded to the nearest whole number?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, assuming each team has 11 players on the field at a time, multiplied by the number of points on a standard darts board?
How many bones are in the adult human skeleton, excluding the 26 bones in the skull and the 52 bones in the hands and feet?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of years it takes the planet Mercury to orbit the sun, and the number of sonnets written by William Shakespeare?
How many elements are currently recognized by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) in the periodic table of elements?
How many seconds are in 1 minute and 59 seconds?
How many minutes are there in 2 hours?
What is the sum of the squares of the first three prime numbers?
How many days are there in the first four months of a non-leap year?
How many cents are in a dollar and a quarter?
How many years are in two 62-year periods?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of five cats and five humans?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in April, May, and June?
How many cubic inches are in a cubic foot?
How many bytes are in a 16-bit integer?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of years in a typical human's lifetime in decades?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a standard bicycle and a standard spider?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano and the number of years in a typical human lifespan?
What is the sum of the number of days in April, the number of cards in a standard deck without jokers, and the number of feet in 22 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical human, a typical cat, and a typical spider?
What is the sum of the number of days in April, the number of sides of a square, and the number of keys on a standard piano?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of degrees in a right angle, and the number of pounds in a quarter of a ton?
How many squares are on a standard 12x12 chessboard?
What is the sum of the numbers of protons in the atomic nuclei of barium, lanthanum, and cesium?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, assuming each team has 11 players on the field at a time, and there are 12 players on the bench?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of meters in a quarter of a kilometer?
How many degrees are in a right angle plus a right angle?
What is the sum of the squares of the first six prime numbers?
What is the sum of the number of days in April, May, and June?
What is the numerical value of the phrase "I love you" when each word is replaced with its corresponding numerical position in the alphabet?
How many squares are there on a standard 12x12 chessboard?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year January, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of days in a non-leap year March?
How many days are there in 4 months and 26 days?
How many days are there in 21 weeks?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of May and June?
How many years are in a century and a half, minus one year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on two standard American football teams?
How many years are in a century and a half?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of May and July?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel?
What is the sum of the number of squares on a standard chessboard and the number of keys on a typical piano?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sonnets in a collection of Shakespeare's poems, and the number of miles in a quarter of a marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sonnets in a collection of Shakespeare's poems, and the number of feet in 24 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team and a standard soccer team?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical centipede and a typical spider?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of counties in the state of Georgia, and the number of years in a typical bachelor's degree program?
How many years are in a century and a half?
What is the sum of the number of squares on a standard chessboard and the number of keys on a typical piano?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 6 positive integers?
What is the sum of the number of squares on a standard chessboard and the number of keys on a typical piano?
How many years are in 4 Olympic Games cycles, assuming each cycle lasts 41 years?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of minutes in a typical feature-length film?
How many years are in a century and three-quarters?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical grand piano, and the number of bones in the adult human body?
How many hours are there in a week, assuming a standard 24-hour day?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 13 positive integers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team and a standard rugby union team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical grand piano, and the number of minutes in 2 hours and 51 minutes?
What is the sum of the number of days in January and February in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year that are not in January or February?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of June and July?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team and a standard soccer team?
How many yards are in a standard American football field, including both end zones?
What is the sum of the number of years the United States declared independence from Great Britain and the number of days in the first six months of a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of June and July?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of squares on a standard chessboard?
How many degrees are in a straight line?
What is the sum of the number of squares on a standard chessboard and the number of keys on a typical piano?
How many days are there in a half-year period, assuming a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in the first six months of a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in the first six months of a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the squares of the first three prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of the three consecutive prime numbers that immediately follow the number 179?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of countries that are members of the United Nations?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team and a standard rugby union team?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical centipede and a typical spider?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human hand and the number of countries that are members of the United Nations?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of countries that are members of the United Nations?
What is the sum of the number of sides of a triangle, the number of wheels on a standard tricycle, and the number of keys on a standard piano?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of countries recognized by the United Nations?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team and a standard soccer team?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of countries that are members of the United Nations?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano and the number of bones in the adult human skeleton?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of countries that are members of the United Nations?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of countries recognized by the United Nations as of 2022?
How many years are in two centuries?
How many feet are in 67 yards, assuming there are 3 feet in a yard?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the human body and the number of countries recognized by the United Nations?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human skull, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of feet in a chain of 67 feet?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human skeleton and the number of countries recognized by the United Nations?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human skeleton and the number of years in a typical undergraduate college education in the United States?
How many bones are in the adult human skeleton?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human skeleton?
How many feet are in 104 yards, assuming there are 2 feet in a yard?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human skeleton and the number of years it took to build the Great Pyramid of Giza?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of three humans, five dogs, and two cats?
How many bones are in the adult human body, according to most anatomical studies?
What is the boiling point of water in degrees Fahrenheit at standard atmospheric pressure?
What is the sum of the number of legs on a typical chair, the number of wheels on a standard tricycle, and the number of sides on a typical triangle?
How many bones are in the adult human skeleton, according to most anatomical studies?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human body and the number of miles in a standard marathon?
What is the product of 6, 6, and 6?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human skeleton and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human body and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human body, the number of days in a typical pregnancy, and the number of votes in the Electoral College?
What is the sum of the number of volts in a standard household electrical outlet in the United States and the number of pounds in a hundredweight?
How many bones are in the adult human skeleton, according to most anatomical studies?
What is the sum of the numbers of wheels on three bicycles?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of bones in the adult human skeleton?
How many days are there in 8 months, assuming a non-leap year and months of equal length?
What is the sum of the squares of the first five prime numbers?
How many bones are in the adult human body, according to most anatomical studies?
How many bones are in the adult human skeleton, according to most anatomical studies?
How many cubic inches are in a cubic foot?
What is the sum of the squares of the first five prime numbers?
What is the sum of the number of days in July and August?
What is the sum of the number of days in July, August, and September?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the number of legs on three cats and the number of wheels on a standard bicycle?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of days in a non-leap year?
How many days are there in 78 weeks?
How many bones are in the adult human skeleton, according to most anatomical studies?
How many days are there in 8 months, assuming a non-leap year and starting from March 1st?
What is the sum of the number of days in July, August, and September?
How many minutes are there in 4 hours?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human skeleton, the number of years in the average time it takes for the planet Saturn to complete one orbit around the Sun, and the number of kilometers in the distance from the Earth to the Moon divided by 1000?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the cubes of the first five prime numbers?
What is the sum of the number of days in eight 31-day months?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of acres in a quarter section of land?
What is the sum of the squares of the first five prime numbers?
How many days are there in a non-leap year, excluding the first day of January and the last day of December?
What is the sum of the number of keys on a standard piano keyboard and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of three dogs, five cats, and one human?
How many dollars would you have if you had two hundred-dollar bills and fifty dollars in singles?
How many days are there in a year that is not a leap year, assuming a 7-day week with Sundays, Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and August?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March?
How many days are there in a non-leap year, excluding Sundays?
What is the highest possible value that can be represented by an 8-bit unsigned integer?
How many unique values can be represented by an 8-bit unsigned integer?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a standard quintet of dogs, assuming each dog has four legs and one extra leg is added to the group?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of three dogs, five cats, and two humans?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March?
How many days are in a non-leap year, excluding the 5 days in the first week and the last 10 days of the year?
How many days are there in a non-leap year from January 1st to September 18th?
How many bones are in the adult human body, according to most anatomical studies?
How many days are there in 9 months, assuming a non-leap year and a starting month of April?
How many days are there in 9 months, assuming a non-leap year and a 30-day month?
How many days are there in a non-leap year, excluding the month of February?
How many days are there in 38 weeks and 2 days?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
How many degrees are in a circle minus the sum of the interior angles of an equilateral triangle?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human body and the number of miles in a marathon?
How many days are in a non-leap year, assuming a 7-day week and a year that starts on a Friday?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the number of days in nine non-leap years and the number of sides of a nonagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
How many days are there in 39 weeks?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human skeleton?
How many days are there in a non-leap year from January 1st to October 5th?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of squares on a standard chessboard?
How many feet are in 560 inches, assuming 1 foot is equal to 2 inches?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human body and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human skeleton?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
How many days are there in 97 weeks?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
How many hours are there in 12 days?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 17 positive integers?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of minutes in 5 hours?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of sides of a triangle multiplied by 49?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human skeleton?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
How many Spartans fought against the Persian Empire at the Battle of Thermopylae?
How many feet are in a standard American football field, including both end zones?
What is the sum of the number of days in January and February in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of counties in the state of Delaware, the number of feet in 100 yards, and the number of minutes in 5 hours?
How many days are in a non-leap year, excluding February?
How many miles of coastline does the state of Florida have?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, October, and November?
How many days are in the first 11 months of a non-leap year?
How many feet are in a standard American football field, including both end zones?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March?
What is the number of the day of the year that is exactly 11 weeks after January 1st?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the number of miles in the circumference of a circle with a diameter of 100 miles?
How many days are there in the first 42 weeks of a non-leap year?
How many minutes are in 5 hours and 15 minutes?
How many bones are in the adult human skeleton, according to most anatomical studies?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of January, March, and July?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of October, November, and December?
How many days are there in the year 2020, excluding February?
How many degrees are in a circle, if a right angle is 90 degrees and there are four right angles in a circle?
How many seconds are in 5 minutes and 21 seconds?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of wheels on a standard tricycle?
What is the sum of the number of days in November, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of wheels on a tricycle?
What is the sum of the number of days in 12 months, minus the number of legs on 12 chairs, plus the number of wheels on 12 bicycles?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and November?
How many days are there in a non-leap year, excluding Sundays?
What is the sum of the number of days in November, the number of sides of a nonagon, and the number of feet in 55 yards?
What is the sum of the number of days in November, the number of feet in 100 yards, and the number of ounces in 2 pounds?
What is the sum of the number of days in November, the number of sides of a nonagon, and the number of meters in a quarter of a kilometer?
How many minutes are in 5.5 hours?
How many yards are in a quarter of a mile, assuming there are 1,320 yards in a mile?
What is the sum of the number of days in November, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of wheels on a standard tricycle?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the number of days in eleven months, excluding February?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of November, December, and January?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 11 months of a non-leap year, excluding February?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in November, December, and January?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, March, and November?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 11 months of a non-leap year, excluding February?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in eleven months of a non-leap year, excluding February?
What is the sum of the number of days in November, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of feet in 57 yards?
What is the sum of the number of days in 11 months, plus the number of sides of a triangle, multiplied by 2?
What is the sum of the cubes of the first 3 positive integers?
What is the sum of the number of days in 11 months, assuming a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard soccer team, the number of degrees in a right angle, and the number of minutes in 5.75 hours?
What is the sum of the number of days in 11 months, plus the number of sides of a triangle, plus the number of strings on a standard guitar?
What is the sum of the number of days in November, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of minutes in 5 hours and 47 minutes?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 12 months, assuming a non-leap year and excluding February?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a nonagon, and the number of meters in a standard American football field?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in eleven 30-day months and one 20-day month?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and November?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of degrees in a circle?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of degrees in an angle that is one-third of a circle?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of degrees in a circle?
How many degrees are in a circle, minus the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of degrees in a circle?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, March, and July?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of degrees in a circle?
How many degrees are in a circle minus one degree?
How many degrees are in a full circle?
What is the sum of the cubes of the digits of the number 153?
How many days are there in a non-leap year, excluding the month of February?
How many days are there in a non-leap year, excluding Sundays?
How many days are there in a non-leap year, excluding the first day of the year?
How many days are there in a non-leap year?
How many days are there in a leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in a year that is not a leap year, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of miles in 600 kilometers?
How many days are there in a non-leap year, excluding Sundays?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard baseball team, the number of days in an average year, and the number of degrees in a right angle?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in a non-leap year and the number of miles in 600 kilometers?
What is the sum of the number of days in a year, the number of feet in a furlong, and the number of yards in a furlong?
What is the sum of the number of days in a year that is not a leap year, plus the number of sides of a dodecagon, multiplied by the number of wheels on a standard bicycle?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of feet in a football field?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of yards in a standard American football field?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in a non-leap year's 12 months, excluding February?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in a non-leap year and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and December?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of yards in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in a non-leap year's 12 months, excluding February?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in a standard American football field?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in a standard American football field?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of feet in a standard American football field?
What is the total number of hours in a 16-day period, assuming a 24-hour clock?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and December?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human skeleton?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, and August?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of minutes in 6 hours and 29 minutes?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 12 months, excluding February, if each month has at least 30 days?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of meters in a standard American football field?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of cards in a standard deck of playing cards?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of feet in a furlong?
What is the sum of the number of days in 13 weeks and the number of cards in a standard deck of playing cards?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of yards in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 12 months, assuming a non-leap year with 28 days in February?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of yards in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of minutes in 6 hours and 38 minutes?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in a non-leap year and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the number of days in a standard year multiplied by the number of wheels on a standard quadracycle?
What is the number of kilometers in a marathon, multiplied by the number of sides of a square?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of degrees in a circle?
What is the HTTP status code returned by a web server when a client's IP address is blocked from accessing a particular resource?
What is the standard HTTP status code returned by a web server when a requested resource is not found?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, and November in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human skeleton and the number of miles in a standard marathon?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of yards in a quarter mile?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human skeleton and the number of pages in the first edition of "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What is the number of flavors of soda that a famous American brand claims to offer?
What is the sum of the atomic numbers of oxygen, calcium, and neon?
What is the telephone number that provides information and directory assistance in many countries?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of letters in the alphabet, and the number of fives in the number twenty-five?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year February, the number of sides of a tridecagon, and the number of meters in a quarter of a kilometer?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of minutes in 7 hours?
What is the sum of the number of yards in a football field, the number of minutes in a typical high school class period, and the number of US highways that intersect in San Francisco?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human body and the number of pages in the first edition of "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a heptagon, and the number of yards in a quarter of a mile?
What is the number of miles in the distance from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the product of 20 multiplied by 21?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the human hand, the number of US states that border the Gulf of Mexico, and the number of kilometers in a marathon?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the numbers of wheels on three tricycles and one car?
What is the sum of the number of days in 14 weeks and the number of sides of a square?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, and May in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in 14 non-leap years?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and December?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of minutes in 7.15 hours?
What is the product of 12, 6, and 6?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year February, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of wheels on a standard tricycle?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year February, the number of sides of a square, and the number of legs on seven chairs?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of degrees in a right angle?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, and August in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of sides of a nonagon?
What is the standard concert pitch frequency in Hertz of the A above middle C on a piano?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in a non-leap year's 12 months, minus the number of days in February?
How many feet are in 74 yards, assuming there are 6 feet in a yard?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the words "four", "four", and "three"?
What is the sum of the numbers on the sides of a standard dice, assuming each side has a unique number from 1 to 6?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical cat, a typical dog, and a typical human?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 15 months, assuming a non-leap year and starting from January?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in a non-leap year's January, March, and November?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 14 non-leap years?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 15 months, assuming a non-leap year with 30 days in each month?
What is the temperature in Fahrenheit at which book paper spontaneously combusts in the dystopian novel "Fahrenheit 451"?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of bones in the adult human body?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical cat, a typical dog, and a typical spider?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year February, the number of sides of a square, and the number of legs on a typical chair?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, and November in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of three cats, four dogs, and five birds?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of sides of a heptagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, and August in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, and September in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in 15 months and the number of minutes in 7.67 hours?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human body, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of meters in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the number of days in 15 months and the number of cards in a standard deck of playing cards?
What is the sum of the number of days in 15 months and the number of sides of 7 triangles?
What is the sum of the number of days in 16 months, assuming a non-leap year and months with 28, 29, 30, or 31 days?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 15 months, assuming a non-leap year and starting from January?
How many days are there in a non-leap year that is not a century year, but is divisible by 4?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical cat, a typical dog, and a typical human?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 15 months, assuming a non-leap year and starting from January?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of October, November, and December?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard rugby union team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the number of days in 16 months, assuming a non-leap year and a 30-day month?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of miles in a standard marathon, and the number of seats in the US House of Representatives?
What is the sum of the number of days in 16 months, assuming a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 12 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 15 months, assuming a non-leap year and starting from January?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, and August in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
How many minutes are in 8 hours?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the number of days in 16 months, plus the number of sides of a hexagon, multiplied by 10?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, May, and August in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first four prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 9 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a standard quintet of dogs, assuming each dog has four legs and one dog has an extra leg?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, June, September, and November in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of 163 cats?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the 16th and 17th centuries?
What is the sum of the number of days in 16 months and the number of keys on a standard piano?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the 16 months of the year that have 31 days?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the 17 months of the year that have 31 days?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the 16th and 17th centuries?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding 0 and 00?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 16 months, assuming a non-leap year?
How many miles is the driving distance from San Francisco, California to the city of Eugene, Oregon?
How many years are in five centuries?
How many miles is the Indianapolis 500 motor race, approximately?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard rugby union team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team's active roster and the number of years it took to build the Great Pyramid of Giza?
How many parishes are there in the state of Louisiana?
What is the sum of the number of days in 17 non-leap years?
How many bones are in the adult human skeleton, according to most anatomical studies?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the 17 weeks of a typical NFL regular season?
What is the sum of the number of days in 17 non-leap years?
What is the sum of the number of days in 17 non-leap years?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the 17 months of the year that have 30 days?
How many miles of the Lincoln Highway, the first transcontinental highway in the United States, were built in Pennsylvania?
How many bytes are in a half-kilobyte?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the 17 months of the year that have 31 days?
How many kilometers is the driving distance from Montreal's Olympic Stadium to the Quebec City old town hall?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard soccer team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of years it took to build the Great Pyramid of Giza, and the number of lines in a sonnet?
How many miles is the driving distance from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to Chicago, Illinois along Interstate 90?
What is the sum of the number of miles in a marathon and the number of pages in the first edition of "To Kill a Mockingbird" by Harper Lee?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard soccer team, and a standard basketball team?
How many miles are in the standard distance of the Indianapolis 500 motor race?
What is the sum of the number of players on a standard American football team, the number of cards in a standard deck without jokers, and the number of miles in a standard marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard soccer team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of wheels on a tricycle?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the 17 months of the year that have 31 days?
How many miles is the distance from the starting point to the finish line of the Indianapolis 500 motor race?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the 17 months of the year that have 31 days?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
How many feet are in 176 yards, assuming there are 3 feet in a yard?
What is the maximum amount that can be contributed to a qualified tuition program, also known as a 529 plan, per beneficiary per year, according to the IRS?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and October?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of miles in a standard marathon?
What is the sum of the number of days in 17 weeks and the number of sides of a hexagon multiplied by 8?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of muscles in the human body, and the number of years it takes for the planet Mercury to complete one orbit around the sun?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of 178 ants, 2 dogs, and 1 cat?
How many days are in 18 months, assuming a non-leap year with 365 days?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 8 positive integers?
How many yards are in 537 feet, assuming there are 3 feet in a yard?
How many electoral votes are required to win a presidential election in the United States?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year that are not in January or February, and the number of meters in 1775 feet?
How many minutes are in a 9-hour period?
What is the sum of the number of sides of a triangle, the number of wheels on a standard tricycle, and the number of letters in the alphabet?
What is the sum of the number of days in 18 weeks, the number of sides of a nonagon, and the number of meters in 5420 centimeters divided by 10?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard soccer team, the number of sides of an equilateral triangle, and the number of wheels on a tricycle?
What is the sum of the number of days in 18 months and the number of cards in a standard deck of playing cards?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard soccer team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of edges on a standard icosahedron?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of muscles in the human body?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of keys on a standard piano?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year that are not in January or February, and the number of meters in 1,800 feet?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on two standard American football teams, assuming each team has 11 players on the field at a time?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard soccer team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February and October, multiplied by the number of wheels on a standard bicycle?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard rugby union team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a square, and the number of wheels on a standard bicycle?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard US telephone keypad's top row?
How many miles are in 890 kilometers, rounded to the nearest whole number?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of varieties of Heinz ketchup, and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of nails in a standard box of tenpenny nails?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of varieties of cheese named by the French?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in seven months of a non-leap year, assuming a 31-day January?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of miles in 900 kilometers?
What is the sum of the number of days in 19 months, minus the number of legs on 4 chairs?
What is the sum of the number of days in 19 months, minus the number of legs on 7 spiders?
What is the sum of the number of days in 19 months, minus the number of legs on 7 spiders?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of miles in a typical marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of keys on a standard piano?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard soccer team, the number of faces on a standard die, and the number of muscles in the human face?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the number of days in 19 weeks and the number of sides of a nonagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and November?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard rugby union team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the number of days in 19 months, assuming a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of miles in a typical marathon?
What is the sum of the number of days in 19 weeks and the number of sides of a nonagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of pages in the first edition of "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
How many hours are there in a 24-hour period over a 24-day period?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical grand piano, and the number of varieties of cheese named by the French?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of pages in the first edition of "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What is the sum of the number of days in 19 weeks and the number of sides of a nonagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team and a standard rugby union team?
What is the sum of the number of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of miles in a typical marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of miles in a typical marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of wheels on a tricycle?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 12 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard soccer team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 10 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical grand piano, and the number of miles in a typical marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, June, September, and November in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and October?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard hockey team, and a standard volleyball team?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of pages in the average paperback novel?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of minutes in 9.9 hours?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding the zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel?
What is the sum of the number of yards in a standard American football field and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the number of miles in a marathon and the number of feet in a standard American football field?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year February, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of feet in 101 yards?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of squares on a standard chessboard?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of miles in 965 kilometers?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding 0 and 00?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard soccer team, and a standard volleyball team?
What is the sum of the number of bones in the adult human body and the number of muscles in the human face?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of minutes in 10 hours?
What is the sum of the number of yards in a standard American football field and the number of minutes in 10 hours?
What is the telephone number to report a problem with a Bell Canada landline phone in Ontario, Canada?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of hours in a 25-hour day?
How many commandments are contained in the Torah according to traditional Jewish law?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of acres in a standard square mile?
What is the sum of the number of players on a standard American football team, the number of minutes in 10.25 hours, and the number of sides on a hexagon multiplied by 10?
What is the sum of the numbers of the beast, multiplied by the number of sides of a hexagon?
What is the number of routes in the Boston subway system, also known as the T?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of lines in a sonnet, and the number of muscles in the human body?
What is the area code for San Diego, California?
What is the sum of the number of miles in 10 marathons and the number of feet in a mile?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of minutes in 10.35 hours?
What is the sum of the number of miles in a marathon, the number of feet in 110 yards, and the number of inches in 4 feet?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of minutes in 10.3 hours?
What is the product of 26 and 24?
What is the result of multiplying the number of days in a non-leap year by the number of minutes in an hour?
What is the number of miles in 1,000 kilometers, rounded to the nearest whole number?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of kilometers in 391 miles?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a hexagon multiplied by 10?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of October, November, and December?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of muscles in the human body?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year February, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of muscles in the human body?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard rugby union team, and a standard cricket team?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of legs on a dozen spiders?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical piano, and the number of muscles in the human body?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 8 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of muscles in the human face, and the number of species of birds found in North America?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and December?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and December?
What is the total number of acres in a standard square mile?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard rugby union team, and a standard cricket team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of an equilateral triangle, and the number of wheels on a tricycle?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a 12-pointed star?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of minutes in 10.75 hours?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of sides of a hexagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of muscles in the human body?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 22 weeks?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a standard American football field and the number of miles in 1,040 kilometers?
What is the sum of the number of yards in a standard American football field, the number of minutes in 11 hours, and the number of feet in 217 yards?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of muscles in the human body?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of feet in 121 yards?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of wheels on a standard bicycle?
What is the sum of the number of feet in a standard American football field and the number of miles in 1,050 kilometers?
What is the sum of the squares of the first nine prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical grand piano, and the number of varieties of apples grown in the United States?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a 658-sided polygon minus 22?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a nonagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a standard American football field, multiplied by the number of minutes in an hour?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical grand piano, and the number of miles in 1,066 kilometers?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a hexagon multiplied by 10?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of minutes in 11 hours?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a 332-sided polygon?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of the beast, the devil, and the antichrist, according to various religious and mythological traditions?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard British roulette wheel, excluding zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard rugby union team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 9 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 22 weeks and 16 days?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a hexagon multiplied by 11?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a hexagon multiplied by 11?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding 0 and 00?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 26 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the squares of the first nine prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of acres in a standard square mile?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a nonagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 22 weeks and 20 days?
What is the sum of the number of days in 22 weeks and the number of sides of a hexagon multiplied by 11?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and December?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 7 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, June, September, and November in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 9 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of April, May, and June in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 12 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of minutes in 11.5 hours?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of May, July, and October?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of ounces in a standard bushel of apples?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of years it took to build the Great Pyramid of Giza, and the number of miles in the distance from New York City to Chicago?
What is the sum of the squares of the first three perfect numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of books in the Old Testament, and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in 113 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a 400-foot building and a 300-foot building?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in 117 yards?
What is the sum of the number of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of sides of a hexagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of an equilateral triangle, and the number of feet in 217 yards?
What is the sum of the number of feet in a mile and the number of yards in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of sides of a hexagon?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of wonders of the ancient world, and the number of hermit crabs that can fit in a square meter?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the number of Slurpee flavors that 7-Eleven claims to offer at their convenience stores?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in 120 yards?
What is the area code of Houston, Texas?
What is the area code for the city of Anaheim, California?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard basketball team, and a standard baseball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of bones in the adult human body, and the number of pages in the first edition of "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of wonders of the ancient world, and the number of horsepower in a typical Formula One car engine?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team and the number of wheels on a standard 18-wheel semi-trailer truck?
What is the sum of the number of miles in a marathon and the number of feet in a standard American football field?
How many degrees are in the sum of the interior angles of a regular hexagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on two standard American football teams, assuming each team has 11 players on the field at a time?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of an equilateral triangle, and the number of wheels on a standard tricycle?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of hours in a 30-day month?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 12 positive integers?
What is the Boeing model number of the first commercial jet airliner to enter service in 1963?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the result of multiplying 9 by 9 by 9?
How many hours are in a 30-day month, assuming a 24-hour clock?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of wonders of the ancient world, and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a heptagon, and the number of miles in 1,200 kilometers?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year February, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of feet in 122 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 8 prime numbers?
What is the model number of the most widely produced and sold commercial jet airliner in history?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, July, and October?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of books in the Old Testament, and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of miles in a marathon and the number of feet in a standard American football field?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard soccer team, the number of days in a non-leap year March, and the number of feet in 123 yards?
What is the number of the apartment building where the character Steve Urkel lived in the popular 1990s TV show "Family Matters"?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a heptagon, and the number of feet in 125 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in a non-leap year's 12 months, assuming a 31-day January, a 28-day February, and 30 days in each of the remaining months?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of US highways that intersect at the Crossroads of the Nation in Springfield, Missouri?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the typical seating capacity of a wide-body commercial airliner introduced by Boeing in 1970?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of miles in a marathon, and the number of episodes in the TV show "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis"?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding the 0 and 00?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard basketball team, and a standard baseball team?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard soccer team, the number of sides of an equilateral triangle, and the number of wheels on a standard tricycle?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of wonders of the ancient world, and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a standard mile and the number of feet in a standard furlong?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of feet in 123 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a standard mile, the number of inches in a standard yard, and the number of seconds in 12.7 minutes?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of minutes in an hour, and the number of feet in 122 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard soccer team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of minutes in 12.75 hours?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of bones in the adult human body, and the number of miles in 1,200 kilometers?
What is the Boeing model number of the wide-body commercial airliner that is commonly used for transatlantic flights?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 9 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding 0 and 00?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard rugby union team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of miles in a marathon, and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding 0 and 00?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a standard mile, the number of pages in the first edition of "To Kill a Mockingbird", and the number of lines in the poem "The Raven" by Edgar Allan Poe?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard Las Vegas slot machine jackpot?
What is the sum of the numbers of wheels on 389 bicycles, assuming each bicycle has two wheels?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of feet in 149 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a standard mile and the number of minutes in 13 hours?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 8 positive integers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding 0 and 00?
What is the Boeing model number of the Dreamliner, a wide-body, twin-engine jet airliner that is known for its fuel efficiency and comfort?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a standard insect, a typical cat, and a common spider?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a standard American football field and the number of yards in a standard American football field?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of meters in a kilometer?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, June, September, and November in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of wonders of the ancient world, and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, August, and October?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding the 0 and 00?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding the 0 and 00?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on two standard American football teams?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a standard American football field, the number of miles in a marathon, and the number of episodes in the original Star Trek television series?
What is the sum of the number of feet in a mile and the number of yards in a quarter mile?
What is the area code for the region of California that includes the cities of Ventura, Oxnard, and Santa Barbara?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the area code for Honolulu, Hawaii?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team and a standard soccer team?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the phone number to call in the United States to request utility line location services before digging?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a nonagon, and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the number of feet in a mile and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the flight number of the plane that crashed on the mysterious island in the TV show Lost?
What is the sum of the number of feet in a mile and the number of ounces in a gallon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of peas in a standard serving?
What is the area code for the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles County in California?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of months in a non-leap year, and the number of inches in 68.25 feet?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a mile and the number of miles in a kilometer multiplied by 10?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year February, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of feet in 137 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on two American football teams, assuming each team has 11 players on the field and 400 players on the bench?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a triangle, and the number of wheels on a standard tricycle?
What is the sum of the number of days in 28 weeks and the number of sides of a 24-sided polygon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the words "eight", "hundred", and "twenty-six"?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of Nobel Prizes awarded annually?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a mile, the number of acres in a standard square mile, and the number of meters in a half-kilometer?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, and June in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers represented by the first letter of each word in the phrase "Eight Hundred Thirty One"?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a nonagon, and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the number of days in 28 weeks and the number of sides of a 26-sided polygon?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, June, and October in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical cat, a typical dog, and a typical spider?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, August, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical cat, a typical dog, and a typical spider?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in 28 weeks and the number of minutes in 14 hours?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year, the number of sides of a hexagon, and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a rugby union team, and a basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the words "eight hundred" and "forty four"?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of degrees in a quadrilateral?
What is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of keys on a standard piano?
What is the sum of the numbers of wheels on 106 bicycles and 2 tricycles?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year February, and the number of sides of a nonagon?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a standard American football field and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of feet in a quarter of a mile, and the number of years in a century minus 49?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard rugby union team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of keys on a standard piano?
What is the sum of the number of days in 29 non-leap years and the number of days in 1 leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the names of the three Great Lakes that border the state of Michigan?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of acres in a standard square mile?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding 0 and 00?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the number of days in January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
How many hours are in 36 days?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the phone number of Jenny, the girl who Tommy Tutone sang about in his 1981 hit song?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 7 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of miles in a standard marathon?
What is the sum of the number of days in a non-leap year and the number of feet in a quarter of a mile?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard soccer team, the number of sides of an equilateral triangle, and the number of wheels on a standard tricycle?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the words "eight", "seventy", and "six"?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of three cats, four dogs, and one spider?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a mile and the number of minutes in 14.67 hours?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the words "eight", "hundred", and "eighty-one"?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the words "eight", "hundred", and "eighty-three"?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a mile and the number of days in 3 years?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard telephone keypad's 7, 8, and 9 keys?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard telephone keypad, excluding the zero and the asterisk and the pound keys?
What is the sum of the squares of the first three prime numbers?
What is the sum of the number of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of an equilateral triangle, and the number of wheels on a standard tricycle?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of years in nearly three centuries?
What is the sum of the squares of the first eight positive integers?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of three dogs, four cats, and one spider?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard rotary telephone dial?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the zip code of the fictional city of Beverly Hills, California, as featured in the popular 1990s television show?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of an equilateral triangle, and the number of feet in 150 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a mile, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of sides of a square?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard telephone keypad, excluding the zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard soccer team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of wonders of the ancient world, and the number of chords in a standard guitar?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard United States telephone keypad when read from top to bottom and left to right?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on two American football teams, assuming each team has 11 players on the field at a time, multiplied by 41?
What is the emergency telephone number used to report fires, crimes, and medical emergencies in the United States?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a nonagon, and the number of years in a millennium minus one?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the words "nine", "one", and "four"?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard telephone keypad, excluding the zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard telephone keypad, excluding the zero?
What is the area code for the boroughs of Manhattan and the Bronx in New York City?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of legs on three chairs, and the number of minutes in 15.3 hours?
What is the area code for Durham, North Carolina?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a mile and the number of yards in a kilometer?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, a standard soccer team, and a standard basketball team?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of bones in an adult human skeleton?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of an enneagon, and the number of feet in 175 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the atomic numbers of silver, tin, and oxygen?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 14 positive integers?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on three football teams, assuming each team has 309 players?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of February, April, June, September, and November in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 7 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year January, and the number of feet in 176 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in April, May, and June?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on three football teams, assuming each team has 311 players?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of three dogs, four cats, and one spider?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a quarter of a year, and the number of miles in a marathon?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of 125 cats, 6 dogs, and 1 spider?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of months in a non-leap year, and the number of legs on three chairs?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of a nonagon, and the number of meters in a kilometer?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical cat, a typical dog, and a typical spider?
What is the total number of pages in the first three novels of the "A Song of Ice and Fire" series by George R.R. Martin?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of legs on 12 chairs?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of days in a non-leap year, and the number of strings on a standard harp?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of 12 cats, 4 dogs, and 2 humans?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard United States telephone keypad, excluding the zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of feet in a 500-foot building and a 450-foot skyscraper?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of feet in a football field's length, and the number of points in a perfect credit score?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical centipede, a typical spider, and a typical ant?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of days in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of years in a millennium?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of fingers on a typical human hand, and the number of sides of a nonagon?
How many minutes are in 16 hours?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 9 prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of sides of an equilateral triangle, and the number of legs on nine chairs?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of years in a millennium?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of legs on a dozen chairs, and the number of hours in 40 days?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a typical grand piano, and the number of years in a millennium?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the names of the three months of the year that have exactly 31 days?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and October?
What is the sum of the numbers of players on a standard American football team, the number of keys on a standard piano, and the number of years in a millennium minus one?
What is the sum of the numbers of days in the months of January, February, and March in a non-leap year?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the words "nine", "hundred", and "seventy-three"?
What is the sum of the numbers of letters in the names of the planets in our solar system, excluding Earth?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard telephone keypad, excluding the zero?
What is the sum of the squares of the first three prime numbers?
What is the sum of the page numbers of the first, middle, and last pages of a 326-page book?
What is the sum of the squares of the first three prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of 10 dogs, 5 cats, and 3 humans?
What is the sum of the squares of the first three prime numbers?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of 123 cats, 41 dogs, and 3 humans?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of a typical centipede, a typical spider, and a typical ant?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of 246 cats?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of 5 cats, 3 dogs, and 2 humans?
What is the sum of the squares of the first 14 positive integers?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the phone number of the Suicide and Crisis Lifeline in the United States?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard telephone keypad, excluding the zero?
What is the sum of the numbers from 990 to 999, inclusive, minus 9?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of keys on a standard Windows keyboard and a standard Mac keyboard?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of three dogs, two cats, and one spider?
What is the sum of the numbers of legs of 166 cats, assuming each cat has 6 legs?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding the zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers of keys on a standard keyboard, the number of hours in 41.5 days, and the number of feet in 300 yards?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding the zero and double zero?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel, excluding the zero and double zero?
What is the sum of 333 multiplied by 3?
Which fictional character, created by Bram Stoker, is a vampire who moves from Transylvania to England and preys on humans to satisfy his thirst for blood?
What is the solid form of water that is often used to cool drinks?
What animals are often depicted in cowboy movies and are known for their ability to gallop at high speeds?
What classic novel by Jack London tells the story of a dog named Buck and his journey during the Klondike Gold Rush?
Who was the American sharpshooter and exhibition shooter who starred in Buffalo Bill's Wild West show?
What type of 14-line poem, traditionally written in iambic pentameter, originated in Italy in the 13th century and was popularized by William Shakespeare?
What is the flexible, muscular organ in the mouth that helps us taste, speak, and swallow?
Which country is home to the ancient city of Sparta and the mythological Mount Olympus?
Which street in Lower Manhattan is home to the New York Stock Exchange and is often synonymous with the US financial industry?
Is the charge of an electron considered a positive electric charge?
Which colony was originally founded by the Duke of York in 1664 and was named after him?
Which novel by Jane Austen begins with the line "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife"?
What over-the-counter medication is commonly used to relieve headaches, reduce fever, and prevent blood clots?
Who was the first man created by God according to the biblical account in the book of Genesis?
What type of financial instrument allows individuals to borrow money from a lender to purchase a home, typically with a long-term repayment plan and interest rates?
Which classic adventure novel by Alexandre Dumas follows the exploits of Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, along with their young protégé d'Artagnan, in 17th-century France?
What type of polygon has three sides?
What type of tropical cyclones are typically associated with heavy rainfall, strong winds, and storm surges in the Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico?
Which ancient maritime republic, founded in the 8th century, was a major power in the Mediterranean until its fall to Napoleon in 1797?
Who cut off part of his left ear in December 1888 while living in Arles, France?
What type of coiled metal object is often found in mattresses and pens?
Who was the Austrian child prodigy and composer who wrote over 600 works, including "Eine Kleine Nachtmusik" and "The Magic Flute", before dying at the age of 35?
What classic 1939 film features a young girl from Kansas who gets transported to a magical land after a tornado strikes her farm?
Who built over 130 pyramids in Africa between 2600 and 1500 BCE, with the Great Pyramid of Giza being the most famous?
Which famous Gothic cathedral in France was the setting for Victor Hugo's novel about a deformed bell-ringer who falls in love with a beautiful gypsy girl?
Who is the youngest person to have a number-one album in the US, UK, and Australia simultaneously?
Which Norse god is known for being the adopted brother and nemesis of Thor?
Who was the protagonist of a novel that tells the story of a shipwrecked sailor who spends 28 years on a deserted island?
Who delivered the famous "I Have a Dream" speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C. on August 28, 1963?
What is the green, flat structure that grows on the branches of a tree and is responsible for photosynthesis?
What was the first major land battle of the American Civil War, fought on July 21, 1861, near Manassas, Virginia?
What is the thermodynamic property that is equal to the internal energy of a system plus the product of its pressure and volume?
What is the title of the classic dystopian novel by Ray Bradbury that is set in a future society where books are forbidden and critical thinking is discouraged?
What is the title of Lil Nas X's debut studio album, released in 2021, which features the hit singles "Call Me By Your Name" and "Industry Baby"?
Which part of an orchestra typically includes instruments such as drums, cymbals, and xylophones?
Who played the role of Robin in the 1997 film "Batman & Robin"?
What Old English epic poem tells the story of a hero who battles a monster named Grendel and later a dragon?
Who developed the concept of the Oedipus complex and founded the field of psychoanalysis?
Which Ivy League institution in New Haven, Connecticut, was founded in 1701 as the Collegiate School of Connecticut?
Who is the Italian scientist credited with proposing the hypothesis that equal volumes of gases at the same temperature and pressure contain an equal number of molecules?
What is the Afro-Caribbean religion that originated in West Africa and is characterized by the use of magic, spirits, and ritual practices?
Who was the American artist who famously silkscreened images of Campbell's Soup cans in the 1960s?
Which country, home to the ancient city of Persepolis, shares borders with both Afghanistan and Turkey?
What graphical representation of stars plots their luminosity against their surface temperature, allowing astronomers to classify them into different stages of evolution?
What 19th-century French novel by Victor Hugo was adapted into a musical that features the iconic songs "I Dreamed a Dream" and "Do You Hear the People Sing"?
What mathematical concept represents the rate of change of a function with respect to one of its variables?
Which city in California is known for its iconic Golden Gate Bridge and steep hills?
What is the process of rendering the meaning of a text or phrase from one language into another?
What classic tale by Rudyard Kipling tells the story of a young boy named Mowgli, raised by wolves in the Indian jungle?
Which seafaring warriors from Scandinavia were known for their raids and conquests in Europe during the 8th to 11th centuries?
Who wrote the poem "The Raven" and was a pioneer of the detective fiction genre?
What is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar, observed by Muslims worldwide as a month of fasting, reflection, and spiritual growth?
What element, with the atomic number 53, is often used to disinfect wounds and is also added to table salt to prevent goiter?
Which conflict, fought from 1955 to 1975, involved the communist North Vietnamese and the anti-communist South Vietnamese, with the United States providing military and economic support to the latter?
What type of musical composition typically features a large orchestra and multiple movements?
Which country is home to the famous Louvre Museum and the iconic Eiffel Tower?
Which NBA team, founded in 1968, plays its home games at Fiserv Forum in Wisconsin?
What is the title of the first part of Dante Alighieri's 14th-century epic poem Divine Comedy, which describes the nine circles of Hell?
Which Texas city is home to the annual South by Southwest festival?
What type of fatty substance found in the bloodstream is often associated with heart disease and is typically measured in milligrams per deciliter?
Who was the Cuban revolutionary leader who served as Prime Minister of Cuba from 1959 to 1976 and then as President of Cuba from 1976 to 2008?
What mathematical operation is used to raise a base number to a power, resulting in a value that is the product of the base multiplied by itself as many times as the power indicates?
What device is commonly used to remove dirt and dust from floors and surfaces using suction?
Which country is home to the highest number of centenarians per capita in the world?
Who is the Italian polymath and artist who painted the Mona Lisa and designed flying machines?
Who wrote "Das Kapital" and is credited with developing the theory of communism?
Who is the queen of the underworld in Greek mythology, abducted by Hades and forced to spend part of each year with him, causing her mother Demeter's grief and the changing of the seasons?
Which planet in our solar system is named after the Roman god of the sea and is the eighth planet from the Sun?
Which English novelist wrote "Jane Eyre" and was the sister of authors Emily and Anne?
Which state is known for its scenic Pacific coastline, Crater Lake, and the Columbia River Gorge?
How many nose do most humans have?
Who was the only general in World War I to be awarded the Medal of Honor for actions outside of the United States?
What activity typically involves soap, water, and scrubbing to remove dirt and stains from clothing?
Which Charles Dickens novel features a protagonist who asks for more gruel at a workhouse?
What classic anthology series created by Rod Serling explored the human condition through science fiction, fantasy, and horror, often with a twist ending?
Which country is home to the world's longest wall, built to protect its borders from invading armies?
What are the primary components of a modern airplane that provide the necessary power for flight?
Which 1893 painting by Edvard Munch depicts a figure overcome with emotion, their face contorted in a blood-curdling cry?
Who is the ancient Greek storyteller credited with creating the fables that feature animals and teach moral lessons?
Which country has a coastline on the Mediterranean Sea and is home to the autonomous communities of Catalonia and the Basque Country?
Who was the Baroque composer and organist who wrote the iconic "Air on the G String" and was a prolific creator of cantatas, oratorios, and passions?
What is the name of the Ukrainian nuclear facility that suffered a catastrophic explosion on April 26, 1986, releasing large quantities of radioactive materials into the environment?
Who is the kind and humble boy who finds a Golden Ticket in Roald Dahl's classic children's novel?
What is the level of biological classification that ranks above phylum and below domain?
Which country, known for its rugged terrain and strategic location, has been the site of numerous military conflicts and invasions throughout its history, including the Soviet-Afghan War and the War in Afghanistan?
What ancient Egyptian structures, often built as tombs for pharaohs, are characterized by their triangular shape and massive size?
What type of angle has a measure of 90 degrees?
During which geological time period did the supercontinent of Pangaea begin to break apart and dinosaurs like Brachiosaurus and Allosaurus roam the Earth?
Who was the American statesman, scientist, and philosopher who flew a kite in a thunderstorm and discovered the connection between lightning and electricity?
What influential 1852 novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe is credited with humanizing the horrors of slavery and fueling the abolitionist movement in the United States?
What mathematical operation combines two or more numbers to get a total or a sum?
Which novel by Nathaniel Hawthorne tells the story of Hester Prynne's public shaming and her daughter Pearl's mysterious paternity in 17th-century Puritan Massachusetts?
Which historical empire, founded by Osman Bey in the late 13th century, was centered in modern-day Turkey and at its peak controlled much of Southeast Europe, Western Asia, and North Africa?
Who is credited with discovering the concept of classical conditioning through his experiments with dogs and bells?
What type of animal is often associated with hibernation and is commonly found in the forests of North America?
Who is the Indian spiritual teacher who founded Buddhism and is often referred to as the "Awakened One"?
Which Native American woman played a key role in the early history of the English colonies in America and was the daughter of Chief Powhatan?
What famous orchestral work by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is traditionally performed on the Fourth of July in the United States?
What is the distance from the center of an atom's nucleus to the outermost electron in an atom?
Who wrote the 1865 novel "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" under the pseudonym Charles Lutwidge Dodgson?
What is the maximum speed at which any object or information can travel in the universe, a fundamental constant of the universe that is approximately 299,792,458 meters per second?
Who is the current President of Russia who was previously a KGB officer and has been in power since 1999?
What popular sandbox video game allows players to build structures and explore a blocky 3D world filled with creatures, resources, and treasures?
In which city did the American Revolution begin with the Battles of Lexington and Concord in 1775?
Which 17th-century Spanish novel's protagonist famously tilts at windmills, mistaking them for giants?
Which ancient Mesoamerican culture built elaborate cities, developed a sophisticated system of astronomy, and left behind a mysterious calendar that ends in 2012?
Which iconic bronze statue, created by French sculptor Auguste Rodin, depicts a man sitting on a rock with his chin resting on his hand in deep contemplation?
What 1970s political scandal led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon and was sparked by a break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters?
What is the name of the monster created by Victor von Frankenstein in Mary Shelley's 1818 novel?
What are the small, rocky objects that orbit the Sun and are remnants from the formation of our solar system?
Who wrote the novel "War and Peace", which is considered one of the greatest works of literature ever written?
What mathematical operation is used to find the number that, when multiplied by itself, gives a specified value?
Which state is home to the country music scene's most famous venue, the Grand Ole Opry?
What property of a wave is measured in hertz?
What is the highest peak on the main island of Honshu in Japan, a sacred and culturally iconic stratovolcano?
Which ancient Greek city-state was known for its rigorous warrior culture and was the birthplace of King Leonidas?
Which tragic play by William Shakespeare tells the story of two young lovers from feuding families who fall in love and ultimately die in each other's arms?
What process allows some animals, such as salamanders and certain fish, to regrow lost limbs or damaged tissues?
Who is the ancient Greek philosopher who famously declared "I know that I know nothing"?
What is the name of the realm in Norse mythology that is said to be the dwelling place of the gods and is connected to the mortal world by the rainbow bridge Bifrost?
Which city is the capital of China and is home to the Forbidden City, a UNESCO World Heritage Site?
What is the title of the famous orchestral suite composed by Gustav Holst that consists of seven movements, each named after a planet in our solar system?
What is the strong acid produced by the stomach lining to help digest food, with a pH of around 1.5 to 3.5?
What are the individual symbols that make up the words in the alphabet?
Who is the American singer-songwriter behind the hit debut single "Drivers License" that broke multiple records on Spotify and the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in 2021?
On which day of the year do Christians traditionally celebrate the resurrection of Jesus Christ?
What is the highest peak above sea level in the Himalayas and in the world?
What is the hottest and densest part of our planet, with temperatures ranging from 5,000 to 6,000 degrees Celsius and a composition of iron and nickel?
Who was the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War and later became the first President of the United States?
What is the title of the Edgar Allan Poe poem that begins with the line "Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary"?
In which city is the United States Capitol Building located?
What literary genre is characterized by a heroic protagonist who suffers a downfall due to a combination of fate and their own flaws, often accompanied by a chorus that comments on the action?
What is the tendency of an object to resist changes in its motion or rest?
Which continent is entirely contained within the Antarctic Circle and has no permanent residents, only temporary scientists and researchers at various stations?
Which Hindu deity is often depicted with four arms and is associated with destruction and transformation?
What process involves the separation of a mixture based on differences in boiling points, resulting in a more concentrated and purified form of a substance?
Which American League team plays their home games at Guaranteed Rate Field on the South Side of Chicago?
What major event in the mid-19th century drew thousands of prospectors to the West Coast of the United States in search of wealth and fortune?
What type of military displays often feature drummers, flags, and synchronized footwork?
What 1945 novella by George Orwell is an allegorical critique of Stalinism, told through the story of a group of farm animals who rebel against their human oppressors?
What type of aircraft can hover in place, take off and land vertically, and are often used for search and rescue missions?
What type of ecosystem is characterized by saturated or flooded soil conditions and supports a unique community of plants and animals adapted to these conditions?
Who designed the famous Fallingwater house in Pennsylvania, which is cantilevered over a waterfall?
Which sector is responsible for the production and distribution of cattle meat for human consumption?
Who wrote the short story "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow"?
What is the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter in mathematics?
Which Greek god was often depicted carrying a thyrsus and was associated with wine, festivals, and ecstasy?
What classic novel by Louisa May Alcott tells the story of the March sisters, including Jo, Beth, Amy, and Meg, as they come of age during the Civil War era?
Who is the German mathematician and astronomer who discovered the three laws of planetary motion that describe the paths of the planets around the Sun?
Which English monarch, often referred to as the "Virgin Queen", ruled from 1558 to 1603 and was the daughter of King Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn?
Who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C. on April 14, 1865?
What is the name of the famous piano sonata by Ludwig van Beethoven that is also known as "Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-sharp minor, Op. 27, No. 2"?
What novella by Franz Kafka tells the story of a traveling salesman who wakes up one morning to find himself transformed into a giant insect?
Which fruit is typically red, sweet, and often eaten with shortcake or as a topping for yogurt or ice cream?
What drives a newborn animal to immediately search for its mother's milk without any prior experience or learning?
What prehistoric monument in England is composed of large, upright stones surrounded by earthworks that have been the subject of speculation and mystery for centuries?
Which Egyptian pharaoh's tomb, discovered in 1922, was found nearly intact with thousands of artifacts and treasures still in place?
What is the constitutional power granted to the President of the United States to forgive federal crimes and restore rights to individuals convicted of them?
What is the process by which a solid changes directly into a gas without going through the liquid phase?
What dystopian novel by George Orwell depicts a totalitarian future society where the government exercises total surveillance and control over its citizens?
In which city is Buckingham Palace, the official residence of the British monarch, located?
What is the title of the first book in "The Chronicles of Narnia" series, written by C.S. Lewis, in which four siblings find a magical land ruled by an evil queen?
What property of a material is measured by its resistance to scratching or abrasion?
What ideology advocates for the collective ownership of the means of production, the abolition of private property, and the establishment of a classless society?
Who sculpted the iconic statue of David that stands over 17 feet tall and is considered one of the greatest works of Renaissance art?
Which country's postal abbreviation is also a pronoun meaning "we" or "our"?
What set of biblical laws are inscribed on two stone tablets and are considered fundamental to Judaism, Christianity, and Islam?
What are the horizontal, vertical, or diagonal marks that make up the structure of a piece of writing or drawing?
Which country is home to the birthplace of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and the famous Hohensalzburg Fortress?
Who wrote the novel "The Great Gatsby", which is set in the fictional towns of West Egg and East Egg on Long Island in the 1920s?
Who is the Greek god often depicted carrying a trident and ruling over the sea?
What Soviet space exploration initiative successfully launched the first artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, into Earth's orbit on October 4, 1957?
What group of American pioneers resorted to cannibalism to survive after becoming stranded in the Sierra Nevada mountains during the winter of 1846-1847?
What percentage of the labor force is currently out of work and actively seeking employment?
Which Scottish nobleman, spurred on by the prophecies of three witches, rises to the throne through a series of murders, only to descend into madness and tyranny?
Who are the professionals responsible for diagnosing and treating illnesses and injuries in hospitals and clinics?
Which blue anthropomorphic hedgehog is known for his superhuman speed and ability to collect golden rings?
What is the one thing that is always moving, yet never moves?
What 1985 science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card tells the story of a young boy who is trained to lead humanity to victory in a war against an alien invasion?
What physical barrier divided East and West Berlin from 1961 to 1989?
Which instrument, invented in the mid-19th century by Adolphe Sax, is often associated with jazz music and has a distinctive curved metal body?
Which Romance language is the official language of 20 countries, including Mexico, Argentina, and Colombia?
What type of positive integer is divisible only by itself and 1?
Which state is known as the "Show-Me State" and is home to the iconic Gateway Arch?
What type of molecules are formed when many smaller molecules, called monomers, are linked together through chemical reactions?
What is the most iconic and deepest gorge carved by the Colorado River in the state of Arizona?
What term is used to describe the sacred flames that were said to have been kept burning continuously in ancient Greek temples?
What is the name of the viral disease that was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization in 2020?
What type of living things are often found in forests and are known for providing shade and producing oxygen?
What illegal activity involving ships and the high seas has been romanticized in popular culture through figures like Captain Jack Sparrow and Long John Silver?
What type of artwork is typically painted directly on a wall or ceiling and often depicts a scene or image that covers a large area?
What property of a conductor opposes the flow of electric current and depends on the material, length, and cross-sectional area of the conductor?
Who was the first U.S. President to be impeached by the House of Representatives?
Which ancient Egyptian goddess was often depicted with a throne on her head and was revered as the ideal mother and wife?
Which country is home to the highest bungee jump in the world, located on the Bloukrans River Bridge?
Which planet in our solar system is known for being the fourth from the Sun and having the tallest volcano in our solar system?
Which country is home to the Cliffs of Moher, Blarney Castle, and the Guinness Storehouse?
What process is used to remove salt and other minerals from seawater to make it drinkable?
What is the full title of the novel by Robert Louis Stevenson that tells the story of young Jim Hawkins and his perilous journey to find buried treasure?
Which vast tropical region in South America is home to the largest collection of living plant and animal species in the world?
Who wrote the epic novel "Moby-Dick; or, The Whale" that tells the story of the obsessive hunt for a white whale by the protagonist Captain Ahab?
Which classic American musical, written by Arthur Laurents, Leonard Bernstein, and Stephen Sondheim, is a modern retelling of Romeo and Juliet set in New York City's Upper West Side?
What 1651 treatise by Thomas Hobbes presents a comprehensive philosophical framework for understanding the nature of the state and the relationship between government and citizens?
What type of landform is created when sediment carried by a river is deposited at its mouth, often forming a network of distributaries and wetlands?
What branch of mathematics deals with the study of variables and their relationships, often expressed through the use of symbols, equations, and functions?
Which religious group is known for going door-to-door to spread their faith and refusing blood transfusions on religious grounds?
What type of insect is often found near overripe or fermenting fruit and is known for its extremely short lifespan?
Who is the protagonist of a classic science fiction novel that discovers a way to make himself invisible, but ultimately loses his grip on sanity?
What was the name of the ship that transported the Pilgrims from England to North America in 1620?
Which woodwind instrument, often featured in jazz and classical music, has a distinctive curved shape and is typically played by blowing air through a single reed?
What 1851 novel by Herman Melville tells the story of the obsessive hunt for a white sperm whale by the protagonist Captain Ahab?
Which pre-Columbian empire built Machu Picchu, a citadel set high in the Andes Mountains of modern-day Peru?
What field of computer science focuses on creating intelligent machines that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence?
Which country, formerly part of the Soviet Union, has a coastline on the Black Sea and a capital city that is also its largest city?
What type of chemical bonds involve the sharing of electrons between atoms to form a molecule?
What 19th-century process led to the creation of a single, unified Italian state from a collection of separate kingdoms and city-states?
What are the protected areas in the United States that are considered to be of national importance due to their natural beauty, unique geological features, or historical significance?
What event occurred on April 14, 1865, at Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C., during a performance of the play "Our American Cousin"?
Who is the Spanish artist credited with pioneering Cubism and creating the iconic artwork "Guernica"?
In which realm did the ferryman Charon transport the souls of the dead across the River Styx?
Who is the American professional basketball player born on March 14, 1988, in Akron, Ohio, and plays for the Golden State Warriors in the NBA?
What 1938 play by Thornton Wilder tells the story of the fictional town of Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, and explores themes of life, love, and mortality?
What are the pathways constructed for travel by vehicles, including cars, trucks, buses, and motorcycles, that connect cities, towns, and rural areas?
Which organ in the human body is responsible for detoxifying the blood and producing bile?
Who became the 36th President of the United States after John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963?
What force opposes motion between two surfaces that are in contact with each other?
Which body of water is bounded by the states of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida?
What force is responsible for keeping objects on or near the surface of a planet?
Which classic American novel by Stephen Crane tells the story of a young soldier's experiences during the American Civil War?
Which nomadic people from Central Asia conquered a vast portion of the known world in the 13th century under the leadership of Genghis Khan?
What art form involves capturing and recording light and other forms of electromagnetic radiation to create images?
Who wrote the poem "The Second Coming" that features the famous lines "Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold; Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world"?
What is the thin layer of lipid and protein molecules that surrounds every cell and regulates the movement of materials in and out?
Who composed the iconic opera cycle "Der Ring des Nibelungen", which consists of four operas: "Das Rheingold", "Die Walküre", "Siegfried", and "Götterdämmerung"?
Who delivered the famous "I Have a Dream" speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C. on August 28, 1963?
What is the most common mineral found in granite rock?
Which New Testament book contains the apocalyptic vision of the end of the world and the final judgment of humanity?
Which country, comprising 17 autonomous communities, has a mainland bordered by Portugal, Gibraltar, France, Andorra, and the Mediterranean Sea?
What type of vehicle, popular for recreation and commuting, typically has two wheels and is powered by pedaling?
Who is the protagonist of The Hunger Games trilogy who volunteers to participate in the 74th Hunger Games in place of her younger sister Prim?
Which Canadian singer-songwriter's 2010 album "My World 2.0" debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart?
Who was the Roman emperor who ruled from 27 BC to 14 AD and was the grandnephew and adopted son of Julius Caesar?
What are the conflicts that have been fought between the Galactic Republic and the Galactic Empire in the Star Wars franchise?
What surprise military strike by Japan on a U.S. naval base in Hawaii led to the United States' entry into World War II?
What type of amusement park attraction typically features steep drops, sharp turns, and rapid changes in speed and direction?
Which country is home to the Statue of Liberty, the Grand Canyon, and the city of New Orleans?
Who wrote the novel "The Old Man and the Sea" in 1951, which won the Pulitzer Prize in 1953?
Who is the famous physicist who developed the theory of relativity and is often regarded as the most influential scientist of the 20th century?
Who is the Supreme Leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea since 2011?
What play by Arthur Miller tells the story of Willy Loman's failed pursuit of the American Dream?
Which high-level, interpreted programming language is often referred to as a "snake" due to its name and logo?
What type of Japanese warrior was known for adhering to a strict code of honor and discipline, and was often depicted wearing a distinctive helmet and carrying a curved sword?
What process allows a plant to absorb water and nutrients from the surrounding soil without the need for active transport or mechanical movement?
Which body of water is located between the Arabian Peninsula and Iran and is connected to the Gulf of Oman?
What mythological horse is said to have sprung from the blood of the Gorgon Medusa and is often depicted as a winged stallion?
Who is the iconic fictional detective created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle who resides at 221B Baker Street and is known for his exceptional intelligence and analytical mind?
What period in American history, from 1920 to 1933, banned the manufacture, sale, and transportation of intoxicating liquors?
What six powerful objects are sought after by Thanos in the Marvel Cinematic Universe to fulfill his goal of balancing the universe's resources?
What large, carnivorous mammal is often associated with honey and has a distinctive gait?
What process do plants and some other organisms use to convert light energy from the sun into chemical energy in the form of organic compounds?
Who was the Soviet leader who implemented a series of five-year plans to rapidly industrialize the Soviet economy and ruled the country from 1922 until his death in 1953?
Which Norse god is known for wielding a magical hammer called Mjolnir?
Which ancient Scandinavian seafarers were known for their raids, trading expeditions, and horned helmets?
What is the element with atomic number 6 that is found in all living things and is a key component of fossil fuels?
Which ancient city, founded by Phoenician colonizers in 814 BC, was destroyed by the Romans in 146 BC after the Third Punic War?
Which novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald is set in the fictional towns of West Egg and East Egg on Long Island in the 1920s?
What biblical event is said to have occurred when the Israelites, led by Moses, fled slavery in ancient Egypt and crossed the Red Sea?
What type of artwork typically depicts the artist who created it?
What type of positive integers are divisible only by themselves and 1?
What man-made waterway connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea through Egypt?
Who is the Italian composer known for his 39 operas, including "The Barber of Seville" and "William Tell"?
What type of cells in the human body are responsible for carrying oxygen from the lungs to the body's tissues?
Which state is known as the Palmetto State and was the first to secede from the Union in 1861?
Which city is the capital of Japan and is home to the famous Tsukiji Fish Market?
What notorious series of trials and executions took place in colonial Massachusetts between 1692 and 1693, resulting in the deaths of twenty people and the imprisonment of many others accused of witchcraft?
Which prince of Denmark seeks to avenge his father's murder in a famous tragedy by William Shakespeare?
What type of payment method allows you to borrow money from the issuer to make purchases, often with interest rates and fees applied?
What is the name of the pink, round, and endearing protagonist of a popular Nintendo franchise who can copy his enemies' abilities?
What process occurs when an atomic nucleus splits into two or more smaller nuclei, releasing a large amount of energy in the process?
What term, derived from Italian, refers to the speed or rate at which a piece of music is played?
Which river forms the western border of the state of Wisconsin and flows approximately 2,320 miles to the Gulf of Mexico?
Who is the British naturalist who is best known for his theory of evolution through natural selection, which he published in his book "On the Origin of Species" in 1859?
Which novel's protagonist falls in love with the brooding and mysterious Mr. Rochester at Thornfield Hall?
What type of gases obey the equation PV = nRT under all conditions of temperature and pressure?
Who wrote the poem that begins with the line "Two roads diverged in a yellow wood"?
Who wrote "The Discourses on Livy" and is considered one of the most influential thinkers in the history of politics?
What positively charged subatomic particles reside in the nucleus of an atom?
What collection of 85 essays written by Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, and John Jay under the collective pseudonym Publius played a crucial role in shaping American political thought and influencing the ratification of the United States Constitution?
What is the name of the optimistic and enthusiastic sea sponge who lives in a pineapple under the sea and has a pet snail named Gary?
Which French king was executed by guillotine in 1793 during the French Revolution?
What 14th-century Italian epic poem is divided into three cantiche, Inferno, Purgatorio, and Paradiso, and is written by Dante Alighieri?
What organelle is often referred to as the "powerhouse" of a cell because it generates most of the energy that the cell needs to function?
What ancient conflict was sparked by the abduction of Helen, queen of Sparta, by Paris, a prince of Troy?
What trigonometric function is defined as the ratio of the adjacent side to the hypotenuse of a right triangle?
What circular, rubber components of a vehicle are designed to provide traction and support on various road surfaces?
Which two countries, separated by the 38th parallel, have been in a state of suspended war since the signing of the Armistice Agreement in 1953?
Which country is home to the Taj Mahal, a mausoleum built by Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan in the 17th century?
What form of entertainment typically features a large screen, popcorn, and a darkened room?
What devastating event caused widespread poverty, starvation, and emigration from Ireland in the mid-19th century due to the failure of the potato crop?
Who was the Union general who accepted Robert E. Lee's surrender at Appomattox Court House in 1865 and later became the 18th President of the United States?
What is the fundamental physical property of an object that is a measure of its resistance to changes in its motion?
Which family has had two members serve as President of the United States and First Lady of the United States simultaneously?
What type of chemical reaction involves the loss of one or more electrons by an atom, molecule, or ion?
What are the slow-moving rivers of ice and snow that form in high-latitude or high-altitude regions and can carve out valleys and create lakes?
What are the groups of three or more notes played simultaneously in music?
Who is the protagonist of J.D. Salinger's classic coming-of-age novel "The Catcher in the Rye"?
Which state is known as the "Garden State" and is home to the famous boardwalks of Atlantic City and the Jersey Shore?
Who is the protagonist of the first modern novel, written by Miguel de Cervantes, that tells the story of a nobleman who becomes obsessed with chivalric romances and sets out on a series of absurd adventures?
What is the organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in humans and other animals?
Who was the anti-apartheid revolutionary and politician who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999?
Who is the NFL quarterback with the most Super Bowl wins by a player in NFL history?
What was the primary catalyst for the largest and most successful uprising of enslaved people in the history of the United States, which took place in Louisiana in 1811?
What is the approximate number of particles (atoms or molecules) in one mole of a substance?
What substances speed up chemical reactions without being consumed or altered in the process?
Who was the Russian monarch who founded the city of St. Petersburg in 1703 and ruled from 1682 to 1725?
What object, often placed on a dinner table, provides soft, warm, and flickering light?
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Harper Lee tells the story of a young girl's experience with racial injustice in a small Alabama town during the 1930s?
What ancient Roman amphitheater is one of the Seven Wonders of the Medieval World and is located in the center of Rome, Italy?
Who is the renowned theoretical physicist and cosmologist who wrote "A Brief History of Time" and was diagnosed with a motor neuron disease at age 21?
What is the title of the 2021 Disney animated film that tells the story of a magical family living in the mountains of Colombia?
Which city in the United States is known as the "Emerald City" due to its lush green surroundings and rainy climate?
Who wrote the Pulitzer Prize-winning play "A Streetcar Named Desire"?
Who was the Polish composer and pianist known for his delicate and expressive nocturnes, waltzes, and preludes that are still widely performed and admired today?
What type of traditional Japanese poetry consists of three lines with a syllable count of 5, 7, and 5?
Which South American country has a unique trapezoidal shape, stretching from the Andes Mountains to the Pacific Ocean, and is home to the world's driest desert, the Atacama?
Who is the main antagonist in the Harry Potter series who murdered Harry's parents and seeks to return to power?
What is the Japanese word for "boreal forest" or "subarctic forest" that is also the name of a popular anime character?
Who is the CEO of SpaceX and Tesla, and has been known for his ambitious goals in space exploration and electric transportation?
What type of activity combines physical exercise, mental discipline, and self-defense techniques, originating from Eastern cultures?
What are the landforms that occur when magma from the Earth's interior rises to the surface, resulting in eruptions of molten rock, ash, and gas?
What mythological creature has the upper body of a man and the lower body of a horse?
What major social reform effort in the United States during the 1950s and 1960s aimed to end racial segregation in public education?
Who was the protagonist of Jonathan Swift's satirical novel "Gulliver's Travels"?
Who is credited with developing the laws of motion and universal gravitation, and is often depicted in art and literature as an apple-inspired genius?
Which criminal organizations are responsible for the majority of illegal drug trafficking and related violence in Mexico and other parts of Central and South America?
Which American poet, known for her reclusive nature and innovative style, wrote over 1,800 poems during her lifetime, most of which were discovered and published after her death?
Which river is the largest by discharge volume in the world, accounting for about 15% of the fresh water that flows into the oceans?
What are mixtures of metals, or of a metal and another element, that are used to create materials with specific properties?
Which two-act ballet, originally choreographed by Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov, is based on E.T.A. Hoffmann's 1816 fairy tale "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King"?
Who is the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom who delivered the famous "We shall fight on the beaches" speech during World War II?
What was the name of the Winter Olympics that took place in China from February 4 to 20, 2022?
Who was the ancient king who conquered a vast portion of the known world, creating one of the largest empires in history, and was undefeated in battle?
Which European capital city is built on seven hills and is known for its picturesque neighborhoods, historic trams, and rich cultural heritage?
Which famous art museum in the Vatican City is home to Michelangelo's frescoes on the ceiling, including "The Creation of Adam"?
What colorful phenomenon occurs when sunlight passes through water droplets in the air at a precise angle?
What type of structures do people typically live in?
What is the primary factor that determines the minimum number of individuals required for a species to be viable in the long term?
Who is the grouchy, green creature that lives in a cave on Mount Crumpit and despises the holiday season?
What competitive sport involves training and dieting to develop one's muscular physique, often culminating in posing routines on a stage in front of judges and an audience?
Who was the 43rd President of the United States and the son of the 41st President?
Which organ filters waste and excess fluids from the blood and regulates electrolyte levels in the body?
What is the medical term for the intentional termination of a pregnancy?
What 1939 epic historical romance film starring Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable won eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director?
What is the rate of change of an object's position with respect to time?
Who wrote the Gothic novel "Mathilda" in 1819?
What type of soldiers were bred on the planet Kamino and served as the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars?
What decisive military engagement on June 18, 1815, marked the final defeat of Napoleon Bonaparte and the end of his reign as Emperor of France?
What do you need to put in a flashlight to make it work?
What classic Middle Eastern folk tale collection is also known as "The Arabian Nights"?
What type of musical instrument is typically found in churches and features a keyboard console and a system of pipes of varying lengths and diameters that produce sound when air is blown through them?
What type of vessel was famously piloted by Mark Twain on the Mississippi River?
What chemical element, with the atomic number 17, is commonly used as a disinfectant in swimming pools?
What protects the planet from harmful solar winds and charged particles from space?
Which city is home to the iconic Times Square, Central Park, and the headquarters of the United Nations?
Who is the Venezuelan military leader who played a key role in the Latin American wars of independence against Spain and is considered the liberator of Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Bolivia, and Peru?
What activity involves risking money or other valuables on the outcome of a game, contest, or other uncertain event?
What is the only gemstone that is composed of pure carbon and is known for its exceptional hardness and brilliance?
Who was the king of Ithaca who took ten years to return home after the Trojan War?
Which farm animals are known for their ability to roll over and enjoy mud baths?
What is the name of the galaxy that contains our solar system and appears as a bright, hazy band of light in the night sky?
What is the color of a raven's feathers?
Who is the only person to have won Nobel Prizes in two different scientific fields, physics and chemistry?
What type of service allows individuals to request a ride from a driver using a mobile app, often at a lower cost than traditional taxi services?
Which American poet and novelist wrote "The Bell Jar" and died by suicide in 1963 at the age of 30?
Which Spanish surrealist artist famously painted melting clocks and collaborated with Alfred Hitchcock on the dream sequence in the film "Spellbound"?
Who was the Roman Emperor who oversaw the construction of the new capital city of Constantinople and convened the Council of Nicaea in 325 CE?
Who is the protagonist of Gustave Flaubert's novel that is known for her extravagant spending habits and adulterous affairs in rural France?
Which country has a coastline on the Gulf of Guinea and is home to the Osun Osogbo Sacred Grove, a UNESCO World Heritage Site?
What is the title of the 2003 novel by Louis Sachar that tells the story of Stanley Yelnats IV's adventures at Camp Green Lake?
What organelle is responsible for several functions including protein synthesis, lipid synthesis, detoxification, and storage and transport of proteins and lipids in eukaryotic cells?
What was the NASA mission that successfully landed astronauts on the Moon's surface between 1969 and 1972?
What occurs when light bounces back from a surface without being absorbed or transmitted?
Which country, home to the Alps and the Rhine River, has four official languages and is famous for its chocolate, cheese, and watches?
Which ancient city, located in present-day Iraq, was famously known for its hanging gardens and was the capital of the Neo-Babylonian Empire?
Which 1888 painting by Vincent van Gogh depicts a swirling, dreamlike scene of the Rhône River and the city of Arles at night?
Which state in the United States is the largest by land area but has the lowest population density?
How many sides does a square have?
What type of union is typically solemnized through the ritual of Saptapadi, where the couple takes seven steps together around a sacred fire?
What type of building in a foreign country represents the interests of its home country and provides assistance to its citizens?
Who wrote the novel "Slaughterhouse-Five", a blend of science fiction and anti-war literature that features the character Billy Pilgrim?
Which city, once divided by a wall, is now the capital of Germany?
Who was the 16th President of the United States, served from 1861 until his assassination in 1865, and is often remembered for leading the country through its Civil War and ultimately abolishing slavery?
Who is credited with developing the famous theorem that describes the relationship between the lengths of the sides of a right-angled triangle?
What type of collective action by workers often involves refusing to work in order to negotiate better wages, benefits, or working conditions?
What do you typically find on the front of a television, computer, or smartphone?
Which singer-songwriter's 2020 album "Future Nostalgia" won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album?
Which brass instrument, often used in jazz and classical music, is typically played by buzzing air through pursed lips into a mouthpiece?
Which ancient civilization, known for its vibrant frescoes and complex palace architecture, flourished on the island of Crete from around 2600 to 1100 BCE?
Who is the giant lumberjack said to have created the Grand Canyon by dragging his axe behind him?
What is the measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a substance?
Which state is known as the "Keystone State" and is home to the famous Amish community in Lancaster County?
Who is the first woman, first Black American, and first Asian American to serve as Vice President of the United States?
What novel by Gabriel García Márquez tells the story of the Buendía family and their struggles against the forces of history, fate, and their own personal demons in the fictional town of Macondo?
What type of nucleic acid is responsible for transmitting genetic information from DNA to the ribosome during protein synthesis?
What activity can simultaneously evoke emotions, spark memories, and provide a sense of relaxation and energy?
Who was the King of the Franks who united much of Western Europe and was crowned Holy Roman Emperor in 800 AD?
What influential 1852 novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe is credited with humanizing the horrors of slavery and fueling the abolitionist movement in the United States?
What type of unmanned aerial vehicles are often used for surveillance, photography, and package delivery?
What is the maximum velocity at which any object or information can travel in a vacuum?
What is the name of the giant ash tree in Norse mythology that connects the nine worlds and is said to be the dwelling place of the gods?
What type of poem did the ancient Greek poet Pindar write to honor athletic victories?
Which ancient Chinese imperial dynasty, founded by Emperor Gaozu, ruled from 206 BCE to 220 CE and is known for its territorial expansion, economic prosperity, and cultural achievements?
What laboratory technique involves the slow addition of a known concentration of one substance to a known volume of another substance until the reaction is complete?
Which country is home to the concept of "hygge", a cultural phenomenon that emphasizes coziness and contentment?
Which American realist painter is famous for his depictions of modern urban life, particularly in his iconic work "Nighthawks"?
What quality enables humans to adapt to new situations, learn from experience, and solve complex problems?
Who wrote the play "Hedda Gabler", which premiered in 1891 and is still widely performed today?
What creatures are known for building nests in trees and singing melodious songs in the morning?
Which multiplayer online battle arena game was created by Riot Games and has over 150 playable champions?
What conflict in 1898 resulted in the United States gaining control of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines from Spain?
Who wrote the novel "Things Fall Apart", a classic of modern African literature?
Which planet in our solar system is known for having at least 62 moons and a prominent ring system?
Which holiday is traditionally associated with the Easter bunny, Easter eggs, and Easter baskets?
What is the motion of the surface of the ocean that is caused by wind?
Which programming language was originally called Oak, but was later renamed to a type of coffee?
What piece of furniture is often found in a dining room and has a flat surface supported by legs?
Which play by William Shakespeare tells the story of a Scottish nobleman who rises to the throne after murdering the king, but ultimately succumbs to guilt, paranoia, and destruction?
What geometric shape has no beginning or end and is perfectly symmetrical about its center?
What is the color of the grass that grows in a typical lawn?
Which monster from Greek mythology has snakes for hair and can turn people to stone with a single glance?
Who is the mother of one's mother or father?
Which river forms the border between Arizona and California before emptying into the Gulf of California?
Which country straddles Europe and Asia and is home to the ancient city of Ephesus?
What type of entities, often made of metal and wires, are capable of performing repetitive tasks with precision and speed?
What massive ball of hot, glowing gas is at the center of our solar system?
Which European country is home to the famous Neuschwanstein Castle, built in the 19th century for King Ludwig II?
What is the dairy product often spread on toast or used in cooking that is typically yellow in color and has a rich, creamy texture?
Who wrote the novel "Ulysses", which is set in Dublin and follows the character of Leopold Bloom as he navigates the city on June 16, 1904?
What type of microscope uses visible light and a system of lenses to magnify objects up to 1,000 times their original size?
In which city did the American Revolution begin with the Boston Tea Party in 1773?
What is the lowest layer of the Earth's atmosphere, extending from the surface up to about 12 kilometers high, where weather occurs and jet airplanes fly?
What type of musical instruments are typically played by plucking or strumming their stretched and vibrating strings?
What are the primary objects that line the shelves of a library?
What mathematical constant, approximately equal to 1.618, is often used to describe the proportion of elements in aesthetically pleasing designs and natural patterns?
Where are flowers, trees, and other plants often cultivated and displayed for aesthetic and recreational purposes?
What groups of people are typically tasked with determining the guilt or innocence of defendants in a trial by deliberating on the evidence presented?
What type of establishments typically have a front desk, offer room service, and provide guests with a place to sleep for the night?
What type of gas is formed when oxygen molecules are subjected to high levels of ultraviolet radiation in the stratosphere?
Which capital city, situated on the Vltava River, is known for its stunning Gothic architecture and historic Charles Bridge?
What are the organelles found in the cells of most eukaryotes that generate most of the energy for the cell through a process called cellular respiration?
Which country is home to the ancient Mayan city of Chichen Itza?
What are the landmasses that are surrounded by water on all sides and are typically found in oceans, seas, and lakes?
Who is the mother of Jesus Christ in the New Testament of the Bible?
Which American newspaper has been awarded the most Pulitzer Prizes, with a total of 127 as of 2022?
What major social reform was accomplished in the United States through the Emancipation Proclamation and the 13th Amendment to the Constitution?
What is the staple food in Japan that is often served with sushi?
What is the Jewish New Year celebration that typically falls in September or October and is marked by the blowing of the shofar and the eating of apples dipped in honey?
What is the lightweight metal used in aircraft construction that is also a popular material for cookware and soda cans?
What is the longest man-made structure in the world, built to protect the borders of a ancient empire from invading armies?
What type of numbers can be expressed as the square of an integer?
What type of animal is often referred to as "man's best friend"?
Which country is composed of over 7,000 islands and is home to the world's smallest primates, the tarsiers?
In which city is the iconic Golden Gate Bridge located?
What natural geographical features often serve as boundaries between countries or states and are typically characterized by a flowing body of water?
What is the ultimate fate that awaits every living being, regardless of their species, social status, or accomplishments?
Which Hindu deity is often depicted with four arms and is said to have taken various incarnations, including Rama and Krishna, to restore cosmic order?
What do you turn on when you enter a dark room?
Which organ in the human body is responsible for detoxifying the blood and producing bile?
Which South American country, home to the world's highest waterfall, has a coastline on the Caribbean Sea and is bordered by Colombia, Brazil, and Guyana?
What Italian term, literally meaning "soft-loud", is used to describe a musical instrument that is a precursor to the modern piano?
What is the geometric shape formed by the graph of a quadratic function in the Cartesian coordinate system?
What activity involves using instruments to create a combination of sounds that evoke emotions and convey meaning?
Which country is home to the province of Quebec and the city of Vancouver?
What are the large, celestial bodies that orbit around stars in our solar system and others?
What is the only known celestial body in our solar system that supports liquid water and an atmosphere capable of sustaining life?
What is a simple yet effective way to provide shade, improve air quality, and create a habitat for wildlife in a single action?
What system of government divides power between a central authority and smaller regional or local governments?
Which global conflict, fought from 1939 to 1945, involved more than 30 countries and resulted in an estimated 50-80 million fatalities?
Who is credited with discovering the principles of electromagnetic induction and developed the concept of the electromagnetic field?
Which Shakespearean play tells the story of a Moorish general who becomes the victim of a deceitful plan orchestrated by his ensign?
What complex network of neurons and organs allows humans to perceive, process, and respond to internal and external stimuli?
What pieces of furniture are often found in a bedroom and are used for sleeping?
Which country is the largest in both size and population in South America?
What is the most popular morning pick-me-up beverage consumed globally?
Who led the first expedition to successfully circumnavigate the globe in a single voyage from 1519 to 1522?
What is the annual Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca that is one of the Five Pillars of Islam?
Which country connects North America to South America and is bisected by a famous canal?
Which language is read from right to left and is the official language of 25 countries?
What is the second leading cause of death in the United States, accounting for approximately 1 in 5 deaths annually?
What type of household item is often used to create a warm and romantic ambiance, especially on special occasions like birthdays and anniversaries?
What is the amount of three-dimensional space occupied by a substance or object, typically measured in units such as liters or cubic meters?
What type of regions are characterized by low rainfall and limited vegetation?
Who are the only individuals capable of becoming pregnant and giving birth?
Which state is known as the "Food Capital of the World" due to its rich agricultural heritage and production of corn, soybeans, and pork?
Who is the jolly old man in a red suit with a white beard and a penchant for delivering gifts on Christmas Eve?
What type of number is not divisible by 2?
What are the tiny, indivisible building blocks of matter that make up everything around us?
What bird is said to have spoken to Apollo in Greek mythology, and is also the name of a poem by Edgar Allan Poe?
Which spiral galaxy, approximately 2.5 million light-years away, is the largest member of the Local Group of galaxies that includes the Milky Way?
What international network of modern and contemporary art museums was founded by Solomon R. Guggenheim in 1939?
What is the smallest and highest-pitched of the four main types of stringed instruments that originated in Hawaii?
Who was the African American seamstress who sparked the Montgomery Bus Boycott by refusing to give up her seat to a white person on a bus in Alabama in 1955?
Which international organization is headquartered in New York City and has 193 member states?
What classic novel by Victor Hugo was adapted into a musical featuring the iconic songs "I Dreamed a Dream" and "Do You Hear the People Sing"?
Which Christian denomination is led by the Bishop of Rome and has a distinctive tradition of venerating saints and using sacraments?
What are the bodies of fresh or saltwater that are usually larger and deeper than ponds?
What type of toy is often dressed up and has a miniature wardrobe?
What type of professional is often tasked with solving crimes and gathering evidence to catch criminals?
What is the ultimate fate of a species that is unable to adapt to its changing environment and is no longer able to survive or reproduce?
What type of vehicles are powered solely by a battery and do not have a gasoline engine?
Which country has a coastline on the North Sea and is home to the Svalbard archipelago in the Arctic Ocean?
What field of study seeks to explain the natural world through systematic observation, experimentation, and evidence-based reasoning?
What is the product of an object's mass and velocity that determines its tendency to maintain its motion?
Which Norse god is often depicted as a bearded man wearing a wide-brimmed hat and carrying a spear called Gungnir?
Which country is home to the Vasa Museum, where the world's only preserved 17th-century ship is on display?
Which English city is home to the Cavern Club, a legendary music venue where the Beatles played many of their early gigs?
What type of mathematical statements use greater-than, less-than, or equal-to symbols to compare two expressions?
Which city is known as the "Windy City" and is situated on the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan?
What is the state of being that would allow a person to live forever without ever dying or experiencing the end of their existence?
What technique is used to create the illusion of depth on a flat surface by depicting objects as they would appear in real life, with lines and shapes converging to a vanishing point?
Which country is home to the Grand Canyon, the Statue of Liberty, and the city of New Orleans?
Which Canadian province has a unique cultural identity shaped by its French-speaking majority and its history as a French colony?
What circular, rotating parts of a vehicle allow it to move smoothly over surfaces?
What was the first permanent English settlement established in North America in 1607?
What branch of mathematics deals with the study of continuous change, particularly in the context of functions and limits?
Which river is the deepest in the world and flows through the heart of central Africa?
What is the only way a team can score points in American football without possessing the ball?
Who wrote the epic poem "The Divine Comedy", which includes the canticles "Inferno", "Purgatorio", and "Paradiso"?
What is the primary component of a comb's purpose?
What is the material commonly used to make the tires of a vehicle?
What is the most abundant gas in the Earth's atmosphere, making up about 78% of its composition?
Which language is spoken by the majority of people in the country that shares a border with Norway, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, Poland, Kazakhstan, China, Mongolia, and North Korea?
What 1967 young adult novel by S.E. Hinton tells the story of the Greasers and the Socs in a small Oklahoma town?
Which constellation in the night sky is named after a hunter in Greek mythology who was placed among the stars by the god Zeus?
What is the most widely accepted form of payment that is not a credit or debit card?
Who composed the famous ballets "Swan Lake", "The Sleeping Beauty", and "The Nutcracker"?
Which country, bordered by Germany to the west and Ukraine to the east, was the birthplace of Marie Curie?
Which region in southeastern Mexico is bounded by the Gulf of Mexico to the north and the Caribbean Sea to the east?
Who were the primary labor force on many plantations in the antebellum Southern United States?
What term does statistician and author Malcolm Gladwell use to describe exceptional individuals who achieve success through a combination of opportunity, cultural background, and hard work?
What type of contests are held to select a party's candidate for a general election?
Which country, established in 1922, was dissolved on December 26, 1991, marking the end of the Cold War?
What is the medium in which plant roots typically anchor and obtain essential nutrients and water?
Who is the first African American to have served as President of the United States?
What group of noble warriors, led by King Arthur, gathered at a circular table in Camelot to defend the realm and uphold chivalry?
What is the unit of measurement used to express the concentration of hydrogen ions in a solution?
Who is credited with writing the majority of the Epistles in the New Testament of the Bible?
Which conflict between the United States and the British Empire was sparked by impressment of American sailors, trade restrictions, and British support of Native American resistance?
What is the popular American television game show that has been hosted by Alex Trebek since 1984?
Who wrote and illustrated the classic children's books "The Cat in the Hat", "Green Eggs and Ham", and "How the Grinch Stole Christmas"?
What geometric patterns exhibit self-similarity at different scales, appearing identical at various levels of magnification?
Which island nation in the Caribbean is home to the Bay of Pigs and the city of Havana?
What artifact forged by Dark Lord Sauron in the fires of Mount Doom held the power to control and enslave the bearers of the other Rings of Power?
In which city is the famous Louvre Museum located, which is home to the Mona Lisa painting?
What type of animals are typically at the top of a food chain and obtain energy by consuming other organisms?
Who, according to the biblical account, built an ark to save his family and two of every kind of animal from a worldwide flood?
Who wrote the short story "The Gift of the Magi", a classic tale of selfless love and sacrifice during the holiday season?
What type of object is often used in hypnotic therapy to induce a trance-like state?
Which US state has the longest official name despite being the smallest in area?
Who is the bishop of Rome and the leader of the worldwide Catholic Church?
Which state's name comes from the Ojibwe word "misi-ziibi," meaning "Great River"?
What is the clear, colorless, and odorless liquid that is the most abundant compound on Earth and is essential for human survival?
Which Greek god was often depicted playing a lyre and was associated with the sun, music, poetry, and prophecy?
What are the seemingly contradictory statements or situations that challenge our understanding of logic and reason?
Which of the Great Lakes is the only one located entirely within the United States?
What was the systematic persecution and extermination of six million Jews and millions of others deemed undesirable by the Nazi regime during World War II?
What part of speech typically modifies or describes a noun or pronoun in a sentence?
In which decade did the American Civil War take place?
What type of natural disaster is caused by the sudden release of energy in the Earth's crust, resulting in seismic waves that can cause the ground to shake, sometimes violently?
In which city is the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum, and the Anne Frank House all located?
What major historical event began with the storming of the Bastille prison in 1789 and ended with the rise of Napoleon Bonaparte?
What term is used to describe children who have lost both of their parents, often living in institutions or foster care?
Which iconic beverage brand's original formula is famously stored in a vault at its headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia?
Who nailed the Ninety-Five Theses to the door of the Castle Church in Wittenberg, Germany in 1517?
What colorless, odorless, tasteless, and essential atmospheric component makes up approximately 21% of the air we breathe?
What type of coming-of-age celebrations are traditionally held for 13-year-old boys in the Jewish faith?
Which French prison was stormed on July 14, 1789, marking the beginning of the French Revolution?
What is the process by which a woman gives birth to a child?
What type of device is commonly baited with cheese to catch unwanted rodents in the home?
What is the rate of change of velocity, measured in meters per second squared, that an object experiences when a net force is applied to it?
In which city did the ancient Greeks hold the original Olympic Games?
Which country, formerly ruled by Saddam Hussein, is home to the ancient city of Babylon?
What mathematical operation involves the product of all positive integers up to a given number, denoted by an exclamation mark?
Who are the individuals who engage in combat and are trained to follow orders and operate in a military capacity?
Which National League team has won the most World Series championships, with a total of 11 titles, and plays their home games at Busch Stadium?
Which family of orphans is the main protagonist group in the series of novels by Lemony Snicket?
In which city is the Henry Ford Museum and the headquarters of the Ford Motor Company located?
Who cut off part of his left ear in December 1888 while living in Arles, France?
What type of infrastructure connects two land masses or spans a body of water, allowing for safe passage over obstacles?
What is the predicted outcome of a global catastrophe in which all life on Earth becomes extinct and human civilization is completely destroyed?
What type of energy is transferred from a stove burner to a pot of water, causing the water's temperature to rise?
What type of positive integers have more than two factors?
Which English monarch was famously married six times and had two of his wives beheaded?
What type of robotic spacecraft are designed to explore the surface of the Red Planet and have included vehicles such as Curiosity, Perseverance, and Spirit?
What hypothetical devices would allow people to attend their own birthday parties from previous years?
What type of armored military vehicles are often used to break through enemy lines and fortifications?
What is the color of the bright and cheerful flower that is often associated with sunshine and happiness?
Which country is home to the ancient city of Pompeii, the Leaning Tower of Pisa, and the canals of Venice?
What ancient Egyptian god was often depicted with the head of a falcon and associated with the sun?
Which U.S. state is home to the city of Los Angeles, the Golden Gate Bridge, and the Silicon Valley?
Which waterway connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea through Egypt?
What is the disease that was once a major cause of paralysis and death, but has been largely eradicated through vaccination efforts led by Jonas Salk and Albert Sabin?
Which state is known as the "Lone Star State" and is home to the Alamo?
Which state is home to the city that is often referred to as the "Empire State"?
What was the fate that befell Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in Sarajevo on June 28, 1914?
What force is exerted per unit area on an object by the fluid surrounding it?
What is the sum of the numbers on a standard roulette wheel?
Which ancient Persian religion is based on the teachings of the prophet Zoroaster and emphasizes the struggle between good and evil?
What winter sport involves gliding down snow-covered slopes on two narrow boards attached to your feet?
What is the lowest region of the ocean, characterized by extreme pressure, near-freezing temperatures, and a lack of light?
What language is the origin of many words in the fields of law, medicine, and science?
What organ pumps blood throughout the human body?
What metal is commonly used in the manufacture of horseshoes and is also a key component of hemoglobin in red blood cells?
How do some stage performers manage to make objects disappear and reappear in front of a live audience without anyone noticing how they did it?
Who slew the Nemean Lion, the Lernaean Hydra, and the Erymanthian Boar as part of his twelve labors?
Which group of people were the original inhabitants of the land that is now the United States?
What is the fluid that circulates through the veins and arteries of the human body, carrying oxygen and nutrients to the tissues and organs?
How many fingers are on a typical human hand?
What 2015 Pixar film explores the emotions of an 11-year-old girl as she navigates a big change in her life?
Who are the 100 individuals who make up the upper chamber of the legislative branch of the federal government in the United States?
Which Southeast Asian country is the world's largest archipelago, comprising more than 17,000 islands, and is home to over 273 million people?
Who was the first Secretary of the Treasury of the United States and a key Founding Father?
What is the thin layer of lipid and protein molecules that surrounds and protects the contents of a cell?
Who, according to legend, led the defence of Britain against Saxon invaders in the late 5th and early 6th centuries?
Who wrote the poem "Howl", a seminal work of the Beat Generation that was initially deemed obscene and sparked a landmark free speech trial in 1957?
Which South American country has a unique claim to being the longest country in the world from north to south?
Which autonomous region in China is known for its high-altitude plateau, Buddhist monasteries, and the Potala Palace, the former residence of the Dalai Lama?
Which former member of the British boy band One Direction has released solo albums titled "Fine Line" and "Harry's House"?
What is the chemical formula for the colorless, odorless gas that is exhaled by humans and is a byproduct of combustion?
Which instrument, often associated with classical music, is typically played with a bow and has four strings tuned to G, D, A, and E?
Which country is home to the two holy cities of Mecca and Medina, the birthplace of Islam?
What title was held by the rulers of Russia from the 16th to the 20th century?
In what year did the dystopian novel written by George Orwell, depicting a totalitarian future society, take place?
What is the region around a magnet where the force of magnetism can be detected?
Which mythological figure, fastest of all the maidens, was forced to marry Hippomenes after he defeated her in a footrace?
What is the official language of France, Quebec, Belgium, Switzerland, and several African countries?
Which river in China is the longest in Asia and the third-longest in the world, stretching over 6,300 kilometers from its source in the Tibetan Plateau to its mouth in the East China Sea?
What activity involves deciphering encrypted messages to uncover hidden information?
What is the simplest aromatic hydrocarbon, consisting of a planar ring of six carbon atoms with alternating double bonds?
Which religion is based on the principles of the Tanakh and the Talmud, and is practiced by people who follow the laws and traditions of Moses and the prophets?
What is the term for a collection of unique objects, known as elements or members, that can be anything, including numbers, people, or things?
What type of probability distribution is commonly observed in natural phenomena and is characterized by a symmetrical bell-shaped curve with the majority of data points clustered around the mean?
What are the small, yellow, cylindrical creatures that serve as Gru's loyal followers in the Despicable Me franchise?
What event on July 14, 1789, marked the beginning of the French Revolution and the end of absolute monarchy in France?
What is the product of an object's mass and velocity that remains constant in a closed system unless acted upon by an external force?
What infamous incident occurred on stage at the 94th Academy Awards ceremony in 2022?
What major civil rights milestone was achieved in Montgomery, Alabama in 1956 after a 381-day boycott led by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.?
Who is the Indian spiritual teacher who founded Buddhism and is often depicted with a shaved head and a serene smile?
Who is the Chilean-American novelist known for writing "The House of the Spirits" and being the first Spanish-language writer to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom?
Which notorious pirate, known for his long black beard and fearlessness in battle, blockaded the port of Charleston, South Carolina, in 1718?
What iconic video game series follows the adventures of Link as he battles to save the kingdom of Hyrule from the evil Ganon?
Which ancient Indian religion emphasizes non-violence and self-control, and is known for its distinctive doctrine of ahimsa, or non-harming of living beings?
What type of tissue is responsible for contraction and movement in the human body?
Which Shakespearean tragedy tells the story of an aging monarch who decides to divide his kingdom among his three daughters, leading to chaos, betrayal, and ultimately, tragedy?
Who is the young protagonist of Orson Scott Card's science fiction novel that wins the war against the Formics by using a clever tactic in a simulated battle?
Which large, intelligent, social, and herbivorous mammals have a highly developed brain and are known for their excellent memory and distinctive trunks?
Which famous ballet, composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, tells the story of a princess turned into a swan by an evil sorcerer?
In which city is the Colosseum located?
What 1959 play by Lorraine Hansberry explores the struggles of the Younger family in Chicago's South Side?
Which state is known as the "Pelican State" and is home to the city of New Orleans?
Which state is the southernmost in the United States and is comprised of a chain of eight main islands?
What laboratory technique involves the slow addition of a reactant to a solution until the reaction is complete, often used to determine the concentration of an unknown substance?
Who was the musician and poet in Greek mythology who charmed even the rulers of the underworld with his music?
Which country, also known as Holland, is famous for its windmills, wooden shoes, and vibrant city of Amsterdam?
What type of video games typically involve tapping buttons or stepping on arrows in time with music and often feature popular songs and challenging levels?
Which country, founded in 1947, is the world's fifth-most populous nation and has a coastline on the Arabian Sea?
What is the online platform that provides information, services, or entertainment to users through a unique domain name and is accessible via the internet?
What type of letter is used to begin the first word in a sentence?
Which Christian denomination is led by the Bishop of Rome and has its headquarters in the Vatican City?
What type of electromagnetic radiation is emitted by objects at temperatures above absolute zero, but is not visible to the human eye?
Who was the Spanish poet and playwright assassinated by Nationalist forces during the Spanish Civil War in 1936?
What is the primary crop grown in the Connecticut River Valley region of the United States that is often used in the production of cigars and cigarettes?
Who played the role of Captain Jack Sparrow in the Pirates of the Caribbean film franchise?
Who was the authoritarian dictator of Spain from 1939 until his death in 1975?
What type of biomolecules contain the genetic instructions used in the development and function of all living organisms?
Which NFL team, founded in 1960, plays its home games at Empower Field at Mile High and has won three Super Bowl championships?
What is the term used to describe a person who is exceptionally talented or skilled at something from birth, without needing to learn or practice it?
What is the measure of how far apart two objects are in space?
Which Caribbean island nation is home to the famous Dunn's River Falls?
Which country is home to the largest coral reef system in the world, stretching over 2,300 kilometers off its northeastern coast?
Which religious organization, founded by L. Ron Hubbard, is known for its emphasis on self-improvement through a process called "auditing" and has been the subject of controversy and criticism over the years?
What phenomenon occurs when a wave encounters an obstacle or a narrow slit, causing it to bend around it and spread out?
Which British rock band, formed in 1968, is known for iconic songs like "Stairway to Heaven" and "Whole Lotta Love"?
Who designed the iconic glass pyramid entrance to the Louvre Museum in Paris?
Which ancient empire, founded by Cyrus the Great, stretched from the Indus River to the Mediterranean Sea and was known for its royal road network and Persepolis palace complex?
What mythological creature, said to be the offspring of Queen Pasiphae and a bull, was confined to the Labyrinth by King Minos?
What process has resulted in the diversity of species on Earth, from the simplest bacteria to complex organisms like humans, over millions of years?
What 1906 novel by Upton Sinclair exposed the harsh conditions faced by immigrants in Chicago's meatpacking industry?
Which contact team sport is played with an oval-shaped ball and involves a quarterback throwing passes to teammates or handing the ball off to a running back?
Who was the U.S. Senator from Massachusetts who famously debated the issue of states' rights versus federal power in the 1830s?
Which country is the only African nation that was never formally colonized by a European power?
Who is the protagonist of Franz Kafka's novella "The Metamorphosis" who wakes up one morning to find himself transformed into a giant insect?
What is the value that describes the ratio of the concentrations of products to reactants at a point where the rates of forward and reverse reactions are equal?
Which indigenous people have been living on the continent of Australia for at least 65,000 years, with a rich cultural heritage and over 250 distinct languages?
Which Italian composer's famous violin concerto is divided into four movements, each evoking a different time of year?
Which team won the World Series in 2017 after coming back from a 3-2 deficit in the Fall Classic?
What occurs when two or more objects, such as cars or asteroids, suddenly and forcefully come into contact with each other?
Who is the ancient Chinese philosopher credited with authoring the Analects and emphasizing personal and governmental morality, correctness of social relationships, justice, and sincerity?
Which religion is based on the life, teachings, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ and is practiced by over 2.4 billion people worldwide?
What 1798 poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge tells the story of a cursed sailor who kills an albatross and is then haunted by guilt and supernatural forces?
Who is the American conservative political commentator, columnist, and author who founded The Daily Wire?
How many faces does a standard cube have?
What conflict between the Union and the Confederacy from 1861 to 1865 resulted in the deaths of an estimated 620,000 to 750,000 soldiers and civilians?
Who is the NBA player who has won the most three-point shooting contests during All-Star Weekend?
Who composed the operas "La Bohème", "Tosca", and "Madama Butterfly"?
Which country, established in 1948, is home to the ancient city of Jerusalem and is bordered by Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, and Egypt?
Which ancient Mesoamerican belief system features a pantheon of gods and goddesses, including Quetzalcoatl, Huitzilopochtli, and Coatlicue, and is characterized by a complex cosmology and a strong emphasis on human sacrifice?
What is the name of the ninth-generation home video game console developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment that was released in November 2020?
What electronic component is designed to reduce the voltage or current in a circuit by converting some of the energy into heat?
What is the surname of the main characters in the American sitcom "Wilde" that aired from 1999 to 2000?
What property of an atom determines its ability to attract electrons in a covalent bond?
Who was the longest-serving prime minister of Japan in the post-war era?
Who was the American cultural anthropologist who wrote "Coming of Age in Samoa" in 1928?
What is the color of the stop sign that drivers are required to obey in most countries?
What is the title of the ancient Greek myth about a sculptor who falls in love with his own creation, a statue of a woman?
What is the traditional gift given on Valentine's Day to express love and appreciation?
What is the period of 40 days before Easter in the Christian calendar, traditionally a time of fasting and penance?
Who was the Mongol emperor who founded the Yuan dynasty in China and was the grandson of Genghis Khan?
What is the title of the 1955 novel by Vladimir Nabokov that tells the story of a middle-aged literature professor's obsession with a young girl?
Which play by Tennessee Williams features the character Amanda Wingfield and her dysfunctional family in St. Louis during the 1930s?
What acronym represents the collective identity of individuals who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and others who do not identify as heterosexual or cisgender?
What is the term used to describe a massive, gravitationally bound system consisting of stars, stellar remnants, interstellar gas, dust, and dark matter, typically dominated by a central supermassive black hole?
Which New Testament book narrates the early history of the Christian Church, including the ministry of the apostles and the spread of Christianity from Jerusalem to the wider world?
Who composed the iconic jazz-influenced orchestral work "An American in Paris"?
What is the name of the monster created by Victor von Frankenstein in Mary Shelley's 1818 novel?
What force is responsible for the attraction and repulsion between magnetic poles?
What notorious 1971 psychological study, led by Philip Zimbardo, was halted after just six days due to the extreme behavior of both the "guards" and "prisoners"?
Which Special Administrative Region of China is a major financial center and former British colony?
Which superhero's indestructible shield is emblazoned with a red, white, and blue star?
What event in 1492 marked the beginning of European exploration of the Americas?
What is the lightest and most abundant chemical element in the universe that is highly flammable and used as a clean energy source?
Who wrote the novel "The Satanic Verses", which sparked widespread controversy and led to a fatwa being issued against him by Ayatollah Khomeini in 1989?
What transparent, brittle, and often breakable material is commonly used to make windows, cups, and mirrors?
Who is the American rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer, and fashion designer who released the album "College Dropout" in 2004?
What is the primary source of energy for the cells of most living organisms?
In Greek mythology, what is the dwelling place of the Twelve Olympians, including Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades?
What is the measure of disorder or randomness in a system that always increases over time in a closed system?
Which country is home to the Iguazú Falls, the highest waterfall system in the world by volume?
What element is often associated with warmth, light, and destruction, and is typically orange or yellow in color?
What is the primary fuel source used to generate electricity in power plants, accounting for approximately 35% of the United States' electricity production?
Who wrote the dystopian novel "Brave New World", published in 1932?
What type of female reproductive cells are capable of being fertilized by sperm to form a zygote?
What series of conflicts from 1803 to 1815 involved much of Europe and were sparked by the expansionist policies of French Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte?
What art movement, characterized by capturing fleeting moments of modern life and emphasizing light and color, emerged in France in the late 19th century?
What is the total number of people living in a particular geographic area, such as a city, town, or country?
What element, essential for human respiration, makes up approximately 21% of the Earth's atmosphere?
Which woodwind instrument, often featured in jazz and classical music, is known for its distinctive, reed-based sound and is commonly played in orchestras and bands?
Which Jewish holiday is celebrated on the 14th day of the Hebrew month of Adar and commemorates the saving of the Jewish people from the evil plans of Haman?
Which European capital city is famous for its canals, art museums, and liberal attitude towards recreational drug use?
What scientific technique involves using a specialized instrument to produce a magnified image of a small object or sample that is not visible to the naked eye?
Who was the Roman general and statesman who crossed the Rubicon River with his legions in 49 BCE, sparking a civil war that would lead to his eventual rise to dictatorship?
Who wrote the novel "The Sorrows of Young Werther", which was a major influence on the Sturm und Drang literary movement?
Who wrote the poem "The Negro Speaks of Rivers", which was first published in 1921 in the magazine The Crisis?
What branch of philosophy deals with the principles and values that guide human behavior and decision-making?
Which city is home to the Griffith Observatory, the Getty Center, and the Dolby Theatre, where the Academy Awards are held?
What shape has no beginning or end and is the same all the way around?
What animated television series, created by Ben Bocquelet, follows the misadventures of a cat named Gumball and his family in the fictional town of Elmore?
What is the element with the atomic number 16 that is often associated with the smell of rotten eggs?
What is the name of the ancient Egyptian pharaoh whose ruined statue is described in a sonnet by Percy Bysshe Shelley?
Who were the primary perpetrators of the Great Peasants' War of 1524-1525 in the Holy Roman Empire?
Which NBA team plays its home games at Madison Square Garden in Manhattan?
Which state is known as the "Land of 10,000 Lakes"?
Which 8th-century Chinese poet, also known as the "Banished Immortal", was famous for his romantic and fantastical style?
What is the chemical element with the atomic number 79 that is often used to make jewelry and coins?
Which 24-hour cable news channel was founded in 1980 by Ted Turner and was the first dedicated cable news channel?
What is the term for a number that, when multiplied by another number, gives 1 as a result?
On which holiday do many people traditionally make resolutions for the upcoming year?
What activity involves using a rod and reel to catch aquatic creatures for sport or food?
What common kitchen appliance is often used to quickly reheat leftovers and cook frozen meals?
What is the 11th-century Japanese novel written by a noblewoman that is considered one of the greatest works of Japanese literature and tells the story of the life and loves of Prince Genji?
Who was the American jazz pianist, composer, and bandleader who wrote over 1,000 pieces, including "Take the A Train" and "Mood Indigo"?
Which Egyptian pharaoh's tomb, discovered by Howard Carter in 1922, was found nearly intact with thousands of artifacts and treasures still in place?
What is the state of being without a paid job or occupation, often resulting in financial hardship and emotional distress?
Which pre-Columbian civilization built the capital city of Tenochtitlán on an island in Lake Texcoco in what is now modern-day Mexico City?
What is the official name of the country that is home to the famous Sydney Opera House and is a federation of six states and two territories?
What is the fundamental physical constant that represents the number of particles (atoms or molecules) in one mole of a substance?
What type of floor covering is often vacuumed to remove dirt and dust?
What white supremacist organization was founded in the late 1860s in the Southern United States, known for its white robes and hoods, and a history of violence and intimidation against African Americans and other minority groups?
What are the largest structures on the planet made by living organisms, found in tropical oceans and home to a vast array of marine life?
What is the process of programmed cell death that occurs naturally in multicellular organisms to eliminate damaged or unwanted cells?
What is the name of the notorious psychiatric hospital in Gotham City where the Joker and other Batman villains are often incarcerated?
What three-headed dog in Greek mythology guards the entrance to the Underworld?
Which desert in South America is considered the driest non-polar desert in the world, with some areas receiving as little as 0.01 inches of rainfall per year?
Who was the principal author of the Declaration of Independence and the third President of the United States?
What is the primary ingredient in a bowl of cereal that is often fortified with calcium and vitamins?
What is the occupation of a person who flies an F/A-18 Hornet from the deck of an aircraft carrier?
Who, according to legend, was the wizard who advised King Arthur and helped him become the ruler of Camelot?
Which Southeast Asian country is home to the ancient temple complex of Angkor Wat?
Which 1656 painting by Diego Velázquez depicts the Spanish royal family, including King Philip IV, Queen Mariana, and their daughter the Infanta Margarita, in a complex and innovative composition that blurs the boundaries between reality and representation?
What type of animal is often depicted as the companion of witches in folklore and popular culture?
What fundamental interaction holds quarks together inside protons and neutrons and holds these particles together inside atomic nuclei?
What type of facilities were used by the Nazi regime during World War II to imprison and brutally mistreat millions of people, particularly Jews, Romani people, homosexuals, and others deemed undesirable?
What event in Sarajevo on June 28, 1914, triggered a chain reaction of diplomatic crises and military mobilizations that eventually led to the outbreak of World War I?
Which religion, founded in the 15th century in the Punjab region, emphasizes the importance of meditation, selfless service, and devotion to one true God?
How many wheels does a standard bicycle have?
Who composed the ballet score "The Rite of Spring", which premiered in Paris in 1913 and caused a scandal due to its avant-garde nature?
What is the term used to describe the potential difference between two points in an electric circuit?
Which American anthropologist and writer wrote the novel "Their Eyes Were Watching God", a classic of the Harlem Renaissance?
Which state in the United States is known as "The Bay State" and has a capital city of Boston?
What is the name of the colony established in 1585 on an island in what is now Dare County, North Carolina, that disappeared, leaving behind only a few clues as to the fate of its inhabitants?
Who wrote the poem "The Tyger" and was a key figure in the Romantic movement in literature?
Who is credited with developing the theoretical foundations of modern computer science, proposing the Turing Test, and cracking the German Enigma code during World War II?
On which winter holiday do people traditionally exchange gifts, decorate trees, and sing "Jingle Bells"?
What is the name of the popular Netflix series that explores moral philosophy and the afterlife through the story of Eleanor Shellstrop and her friends?
What was the multi-ethnic complex of territories in Central Europe that existed from the 10th to the 19th century and was characterized by a unique blend of imperial and feudal structures?
Which Nordic island country has a population of around 360,000 people and is known for its hot springs, geothermal energy, and the Blue Lagoon?
What catastrophic event, described in the biblical book of Genesis, is said to have wiped out all life on earth except for Noah and the animals on the ark?
Which ethnic group in the United States is often associated with celebrating the Feast of the Seven Fishes on Christmas Eve?
What type of running event is typically 26.2 miles long?
What feudal regime ruled Japan from 1603 to 1868 and was founded by Tokugawa Ieyasu after the Battle of Sekigahara?
Which gland located in the neck produces hormones that regulate growth and development, particularly in children?
What is the first part of Dante Alighieri's 14th-century epic poem Divine Comedy that describes the nine circles of Hell?
What organs are responsible for exchanging oxygen and carbon dioxide through the process of respiration?
Who was the fascist dictator of Italy from 1922 to 1943 and allied with Nazi Germany during World War II?
Which United States law enforcement agency is responsible for investigating and enforcing over 200 categories of federal crimes, including terrorism, cybercrime, and public corruption?
Which ancient Egyptian god was killed by his brother Seth and then resurrected by his wife Isis?
What is the highest peak in North America, formerly known as Mount McKinley, located in Alaska?
Which planet in our solar system is known for being the largest of all the planets?
What is the term used to describe a dramatic work that presents a conflict between a heroic individual and a superior force, often resulting in defeat or sorrow?
Who was the second king of the United Kingdom of Israel, a shepherd boy who defeated Goliath and was chosen by God to succeed Saul?
Which vast Eurasian state, founded by Peter the Great in 1721, was dissolved in 1917 following the February Revolution?
What type of ancient structures, often found in sacred or ceremonial contexts, are typically large, single blocks of stone or rock that have been shaped and placed in a specific location?
What is the color of the sky on a clear, sunny day?
What is the name of the monster created by Victor von Frankenstein in Mary Shelley's 1818 novel?
On a standard two-dimensional graph, which axis typically represents the independent variable or the variable being manipulated?
Who was the 40th President of the United States and a former actor who served two terms from 1981 to 1989?
What type of lines are those that never intersect, no matter how far they are extended?
What type of catastrophic occurrences have caused the sudden and drastic reduction of biodiversity on Earth throughout its history?
Who is the divine prince who was born in Mathura, raised in Vrindavan, and taught the Bhagavad Gita to Arjuna on the battlefield of Kurukshetra?
Which state is known as "The Natural State" and has a diamond mine that is open to the public?
Which royal house produced a string of Holy Roman Emperors, as well as rulers of Austria, Spain, and Hungary, and was known for its complex web of alliances and strategic marriages?
What is the material that the character played by Dustin Hoffman is advised to pursue a career in at the end of the 1967 film "The Graduate"?
What coming-of-age novel by Sandra Cisneros tells the story of a young Latina girl's experiences growing up in a poor Chicago neighborhood?
Who is credited with formulating the law of conservation of energy, which states that the total energy of an isolated system remains constant over time?
What is the name of the crowdsourced musical that originated on social media and is based on a Pixar film about a rat with a passion for cooking?
Who is the Swiss psychiatrist who developed the concept of the collective unconscious and introduced the terms "introvert" and "extrovert" into popular psychology?
Which country is home to the world's smallest primates, the tarsiers, and is composed of over 7,000 islands?
Who is the American poet and playwright known for works such as "My Last Duchess" and "The Pied Piper of Hamelin"?
Which museum in Paris is home to the Mona Lisa?
What is the underground part of a plant that absorbs water and nutrients from the soil?
What was the central issue of the suffrage movement in the United States during the late 19th and early 20th centuries?
Who famously rode a horse to warn the colonists that the British were coming during the American Revolution?
What catastrophic event occurred on May 6, 1937, when a German passenger airship caught fire and was destroyed during its attempt to dock in New Jersey?
Which country has a coastline on the Gulf of Aden and is home to the autonomous region of Puntland?
What 1798 poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge tells the story of a cursed sailor who kills an albatross and is then haunted by guilt and supernatural forces?
What philosophical movement emphasizes individual freedom and choice, and the inherent meaninglessness of life, which must be overcome by creating one's own purpose?
Who wrote the novel "The Awakening", a classic of American literature that explores themes of feminism and individuality?
What type of biomolecules are composed of amino acids and perform a wide range of functions in the body, including catalyzing metabolic reactions, replicating DNA, and responding to stimuli?
What country was formed in the 9th century with the merger of the Pictish and Gaelic kingdoms, and existed until 1707 when it merged with the Kingdom of England to form the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Who was the American-born artist who created the famous painting "Arrangement in Grey and Black No. 1", also known as "Whistler's Mother"?
Who is the king of Uruk in ancient Mesopotamian mythology who embarked on a quest for immortality after the death of his friend Enkidu?
What popular multiplayer online game involves deducing the identity of traitors on a spaceship?
What 16th-century Chinese novel tells the story of Monkey King Sun Wukong and his companions traveling to India to retrieve Buddhist scriptures?
Who is the French composer credited with creating the iconic orchestral work "La Mer"?
Which Caribbean country shares the island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic?
What mathematical operation is used to find the rate of change of a function with respect to one of its variables?
Who is the legendary German alchemist and scholar who sold his soul to the devil in exchange for knowledge and power?
What are the incredibly powerful and rare astronomical events in which a star suddenly explodes, releasing an enormous amount of energy and light?
What 1836 siege and massacre in San Antonio, Texas, was a pivotal event in the Texas Revolution?
Who was the 35th President of the United States, assassinated in Dallas on November 22, 1963?
Who wrote the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What famous mural painting by Leonardo da Vinci depicts Jesus sharing a meal with his twelve apostles on the eve of his betrayal?
What type of natural disaster is caused by the sudden release of energy in the Earth's crust, resulting in seismic waves that can cause the ground to shake violently?
How many points are there on a continuous line of infinite length?
What state of matter is characterized by the absence of a fixed shape and volume?
What is the correct response when asked to provide no answer or input?
Who is the street urchin who falls in love with a princess and teams up with a wise-cracking genie to defeat an evil sorcerer in a classic Disney movie?
What type of structure is built across a river to impound water and generate hydroelectric power?
What are the massless particles that make up light and other forms of electromagnetic radiation?
What economic principle describes the amount of a product or service that consumers are willing and able to purchase at a given price level?
Which body of water is connected to the Atlantic Ocean by the Strait of Gibraltar and is bordered by Europe, Africa, and Asia?
What are the intense, blazing outbreaks that occur when combustible materials ignite?
What musical instrument, often found in living rooms, has keys but cannot be used to type?
Who was the escaped slave from Maryland who became a prominent conductor on the Underground Railroad and led hundreds of enslaved people to freedom in the mid-19th century?
Who is the protagonist of Lewis Carroll's 1865 novel "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland"?
What are the self-contained blocks of code that perform a specific task in a programming language?
What is the ultimate fate that awaits every living being, regardless of their circumstances or achievements?
What is the highest peak in Africa and the highest freestanding mountain in the world?
What British law required American colonies to pay a tax on printed materials, such as newspapers, magazines, and legal documents, sparking widespread protests and boycotts?
What is the base unit of mass in the International System of Units (SI) that is equal to 1,000 grams?
What is the primary way that many people communicate with a higher power or express their deepest hopes and desires?
Who is the ancient Greek philosopher and student of Plato who tutored Alexander the Great and founded the Lyceum in Athens?
Which iconic post-impressionist painting by Vincent van Gogh depicts a dreamy, swirling night sky over a small village in southern France?
What are the two organs that allow us to perceive and interpret visual information from the world around us?
Which fast-food chain is famously associated with a secret recipe of 11 herbs and spices?
What classic educational video game was notorious for causing players to die of dysentery while attempting to cross the western United States in the 19th century?
Who led the Israelites out of slavery in Egypt and received the Ten Commandments from God on Mount Sinai?
Which group of elements, located in the seventh column of the periodic table, includes fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine, and astatine?
What academic discipline studies human cultures, behaviors, and biological characteristics to understand the diversity of human experiences across time and space?
What type of musical composition is typically written to honor the deceased and is often performed at funerals?
What is the path through which electric current flows from a power source, through one or more devices, and back to the power source?
What novel by Leo Tolstoy follows the lives of several aristocratic Russian families during the Napoleonic Wars?
What is the term for a rectangular array of numbers, symbols, or expressions, arranged in rows and columns, used to represent systems of equations or linear transformations?
Who was the French heroine who led the French army to several victories during the Hundred Years' War before being captured and executed at the age of 19?
What practice involves focusing your mind to achieve a mentally clear and emotionally calm state?
What is the primary component of the white, puffy masses that drift lazily across the sky on a sunny day?
Which part of the US Bill of Rights guarantees freedom of speech, press, assembly, and petition, as well as the free exercise of religion?
What was the largest and bloodiest battle fought during the American Civil War, taking place from July 1 to July 3, 1863, in and around the town of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania?
What classic science fiction novel by Jules Verne tells the story of Professor Pierre Aronnax and his incredible journey aboard the submarine Nautilus?
In which city is the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum located?
Which symphony, composed in 1888, is often referred to as the "Titan" and features a haunting funeral march in its third movement?
What is the title of the poem by Dylan Thomas that laments the tragic death of a child in a London fire?
Who was the 13th-century Persian poet, jurist, and theologian whose spiritual legacy has influenced literature and mysticism across the Middle East and beyond?
What is the famous chorus sung by the Hebrew slaves in Verdi's opera Nabucco?
What is the title of the poem by Pablo Neruda that begins with the line "I do not love you as if you were a rose of salt"?
What are the three phrases that, when combined, form the title of a 1931 play by Ntozake Shange?
What ancient Greek mythological vow was considered so unbreakable that even the gods themselves feared to take it in vain?
Who spent years reminiscing about his childhood in Combray, his love for Albertine, and the passing of time in a sprawling, seven-volume novel?
What anatomical structure forms during embryonic development and serves as a boundary between the left and right sides of the body, influencing the organization of various organs and systems?
Who is the American political scientist and professor emeritus at Princeton University known for his work on international relations and neoliberal institutionalism?
What are the two primary roles in a hierarchical database replication system?
What type of bonds are responsible for the characteristic stretching vibrations in the infrared spectra of metal carbonyl complexes?
Who wrote the novel "Dead Souls", which is considered one of the greatest works of Russian literature?
Who was the German-born British army officer, admiral, and first governor of the Hudson's Bay Company, known for his military prowess during the English Civil War and his role in the colonization of North America?
What is the defiant declaration made by Howard Beale in the 1976 film Network?
What type of virus specifically infects bacteria and is often used as a tool in molecular biology and biotechnology?
What is the title of the virtuosic violin concerto composed by Édouard Lalo in 1874, inspired by Spanish folk melodies and rhythms?
What set of 24 pieces for solo piano, published in two books in 1910 and 1913, is characterized by dreamy, evocative titles and a focus on timbre and texture?
What phenomenon describes the steady rise in IQ scores across generations, observed in many countries, despite the fact that there has been no corresponding increase in genetic intelligence?
What periods of heavy rainfall and strong winds occur annually in the Indian subcontinent between June and September?
Which family's real-life experiences and travels were adapted into the popular "Little House on the Prairie" book series?
Which ethnic group makes up approximately 92% of the population of China and is the world's largest ethnic group in terms of population?
Who was the Italian statesman and leading figure in the unification of Italy who served as Prime Minister of Sardinia and later of Italy from 1852 to 1861?
What event on September 11, 1973, overthrew the democratically-elected government of President Salvador Allende in Chile?
What type of compositions did Ludwig van Beethoven write that are characterized by their dramatic and expressive solo piano parts, accompanied by an orchestra?
What is the title of the 1944 poem by W.H. Auden that explores the themes of art, identity, and the human condition through a series of dramatic monologues?
Who founded the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater in 1958?
What aspect of an alphabet or script determines whether its text is read from left to right, right to left, or top to bottom?
Who founded the city of Sacramento, California, and established the Sutter's Fort settlement in 1839?
What is the name of the fictional catering company that is the main setting for the Starz comedy television series that aired from 2009 to 2010?
What ancient Greek mythological event is often cited as the reason for the changing of the seasons?
Which famous German composer and his wife, a renowned pianist and composer in her own right, were both prominent figures in the Romantic music era?
Which group of third-century Chinese scholars and poets, known for their wisdom and literary talents, sought refuge in a bamboo grove to escape the turmoil of the Jin dynasty?
What 18th-century epistolary novel by Samuel Richardson is considered one of the longest novels in the English language and tells the story of a virtuous young woman's struggles against her family and a seducer?
What type of compositions did Mozart write 27 examples of, with the last one being completed just two months before his death?
What type of WWE match features a ring surrounded by a steel cage and a shark cage suspended above, with the objective of retrieving a key to escape the cage?
Who wrote the plays "Equus" and "Amadeus", both of which were adapted into successful films?
What mythical city, said to be founded by Gradlon the Great, was swallowed up by the sea off the coast of Brittany according to medieval legend?
Which local government district in Merseyside, England, is situated on the Wirral Peninsula and borders the boroughs of Liverpool and Ellesmere Port and Neston?
What is the title of the short story by Nathaniel Hawthorne that tells the tale of a guilt-ridden man who abandons his wounded friend in the wilderness?
In Dante's Divine Comedy, what is the realm of Limbo, where virtuous non-Christians reside, located?
What is the title of the poem by Robinson Jeffers that explores the themes of suffering, beauty, and the human condition?
What type of optical component is used to collect and focus light in many modern astronomical observatories?
What style of music, characterized by its syncopated rhythms and polyrhythms, was popularized by the African-American composer and pianist who wrote "Maple Leaf Rag"?
Who is the satyr and demigod coach of the Wilderness School in the Heroes of Olympus series?
Which of Felix Mendelssohn's symphonies is also known by a nickname that refers to the country in which it was written?
What type of musical compositions did Beethoven write 16 of, with Op. 132 being one of the most well-known examples?
What is the name of the famous composition by Johann Sebastian Bach that was written in 1747 and is also known as BWV 1079?
Which two nations fought the Russo-Japanese War from 1904 to 1905?
What group of people in ancient Rome were former slaves who had been freed by the emperor and often went on to hold important administrative positions?
What is the title of the 1908 philosophical essay by J.M.E. McTaggart that argues against the concept of time as an objective feature of reality?
Who is the Hungarian footballer and manager who scored 746 goals in 629 games and is known as "The Galloping Major"?
What is the mysterious and still-undisclosed location in Mongolia where the Great Khan's funeral procession allegedly killed anyone who crossed their path to keep its location secret?
What is the title of the 1950 poetry collection by Wallace Stevens that explores themes of aging, mortality, and the search for meaning?
What event in 1867 resulted in the unification of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary under a single monarch?
Which famous piano concerto, written in 1874-75, features a dramatic and iconic opening melody that has become synonymous with classical music?
What four orchestral works, numbered 1-4, are considered some of the most complex and technically challenging in the classical repertoire, and are known for their rich harmonies and dense textures?
What is the title of the poem written by Matthew Arnold in 1865 as a elegy to his friend Arthur Hugh Clough?
What is the title of the 1973 anthropological essay by Clifford Geertz that explores the cultural significance of cockfighting in Bali?
Who traditionally wore masks to portray stock characters like the clever servant, the lovesick youth, and the miserly old man in 16th-century Italian theater?
What series of events in the late 18th century led to the disappearance of a major European power from the map, resulting in the redistribution of its territory among three neighboring empires?
What is the title of the 1994 photography book by Edward Burtynsky that explores the relationship between nature and human activity in North America?
Who may use sign language to communicate because they are unable to hear or speak?
What controversial energy development project has been the subject of international sanctions and diplomatic tensions since the 2000s?
What are the devices that are notoriously prone to breaking down and sparking widespread disappointment among fast food customers?
What would be the most unexpected and physically dramatic way to respond to a sudden urge to charge at a red sports car?
What is the name of the house in which the poet Rupert Brooke lived in Cambridge, which is now a museum dedicated to his life and work?
In which city is the Delft University of Technology, one of the oldest and most prestigious technical universities in the Netherlands, located?
Who was the 11th-century Arab poet and musician known for his romantic and melancholic verses, often compared to the great Abbasid poet Abu Nuwas?
What entities typically purchase and broadcast syndicated radio shows to a wide audience?
Which Austrian composer's unfinished works in the symphonic genre, including the famous "Unfinished Symphony", are still widely performed and admired today?
Who else is also in complete agreement with the statement just made?
Which concerto, composed in 1919, is often considered one of the most technically challenging and emotionally powerful works in the cello repertoire?
What are the values of x that make the equation f(x) = 0 true?
What is the name of the famous Chinese shopping mall in Beijing that translates to "Eternal Joy" in English?
Which two Baroque composers, one Italian and one German, are famous for their contributions to the concerto and orchestral suite genres, respectively?
Who was the American statesman and orator known as "The Great Compromiser" who served as Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives and ran for president in 1824, 1832, and 1844?
What is the title of the ancient Roman novel written by Petronius, which is a picaresque tale of the adventures of Encolpius and his friends?
Who won an Academy Award for portraying the monarch in the 2006 film "The Queen"?
What technique did Brian Eno and other early ambient musicians use to create repetitive, atmospheric soundscapes in the 1970s?
Which Chinese dynasty, spanning from 960 to 1279, was marked by significant cultural, economic, and military achievements, including the invention of gunpowder and the development of porcelain production?
What was the capital of the Song Dynasty in China from 960 to 1127?
Who was the founder of the Han dynasty in ancient China?
What events have traditionally taken place at Westminster Abbey since the 11th century, involving the anointing and crowning of a new sovereign?
What was the period of civil war and fragmentation that occurred in the Caliphate of Córdoba in the 11th century?
What collection of orations is most closely associated with the American civil rights movement and the fight for racial equality in the 1950s and 1960s?
Which concerto, composed in 1806, is considered one of the most technically challenging and musically satisfying works in the violin repertoire?
Who was the British artist known for his cat illustrations and credited with popularizing the concept of anthropomorphic animals in art?
Who is the Chinese writer and critic known for his influential essays and short stories that critiqued traditional Chinese culture and society during the early 20th century?
What is the title of the Romantic-era ballet that tells the story of a young peasant girl who dies of a broken heart and returns as a wili to exact revenge on her lover?
What parameter is often used to describe the distance between a central metal atom and its surrounding ligands in a coordination complex?
What is the introductory chapter to Nathaniel Hawthorne's novel "The Scarlet Letter"?
Who was the Spanish fashion designer and founder of the House of Balenciaga, known for his avant-garde and innovative designs that revolutionized the fashion industry in the 20th century?
What type of poetry movement emerged in the 1990s, characterized by its use of absurdity, irony, and internet culture, and is often described as a reaction against traditional lyric poetry?
What is the name of the highest peak in the Daxue Mountains on the border of Sichuan and Tibet in China?
Which symphony, composed between 1901 and 1902, is known for its iconic Adagietto movement, often associated with funeral processions and featured in the 1967 film "Death in Venice"?
What was the 1839 British political crisis triggered by Queen Victoria's refusal to dismiss her ladies-in-waiting?
In which election did Ronald Reagan defeat Walter Mondale in the largest electoral landslide in U.S. history, winning 49 states and receiving 525 electoral votes?
Who is the Canadian short story writer and novelist who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2013?
Which iconic building in Vienna, Austria, was designed by Joseph Maria Olbrich and features a golden dome that has become a symbol of the city?
What is the title of the 1960 poem by Sylvia Plath that explores themes of love, identity, and mental illness?
Who was a German philosopher and cultural critic known for his essays on the intersection of aesthetics and politics, particularly in his work "The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction"?
Who is the only woman mentioned by name in the Quran?
What ancient sport, played with a rubber ball and ritual significance, was a central part of the cultures of the Olmec, Maya, and Aztec civilizations?
In what dark and foreboding underwater cave did the monster Grendel reside in the epic poem Beowulf?
What religious movement, which emerged in the early 20th century, is characterized by its emphasis on spiritual healing, exorcism, and prosperity theology, and has become a dominant force in Brazilian Christianity?
Who was a Roman Stoic philosopher, statesman, dramatist, and satirist who served as an advisor to Emperor Nero and wrote extensively on ethics, morality, and Stoicism?
Which two countries share the island of Hispaniola in the Caribbean Sea?
What short-lived religious movement was established by Maximilien Robespierre during the French Revolution, emphasizing the existence of a higher power and the importance of virtue?
Which nine works, numbered 1 through 9, are widely regarded as the pinnacle of classical music and were composed by a German master between 1799 and 1824?
What type of compositions did the Hungarian composer Bartók dedicate to the Hungarian Quartet, the Waldbauer-Kerpely Quartet, and the Pro Arte Quartet?
What is the name of the classic puzzle in chess that involves finding a sequence of moves that allows a knight to visit every square on a chessboard exactly once?
What is the title of the poem by Wallace Stevens that explores the relationship between art and reality through the image of a jar placed in a Tennessee landscape?
What is the ion formed when a calcium atom loses two electrons?
Which regime, led by a series of generals, ruled a large South American country from 1964 to 1985 and was marked by human rights abuses, censorship, and economic growth?
What collection of orations by a former slave and prominent abolitionist are known for their powerful critiques of slavery and racism in 19th-century America?
Who wrote the influential book "Exit, Voice, and Loyalty: Responses to Decline in Firms, Organizations, and States"?
What is the longest wavelength of light that a molecule can absorb, resulting in the transition of an electron from its ground state to an excited state?
What is the title of the 1892 novella by Anton Chekhov that explores the themes of sanity, morality, and the human condition through the story of a doctor who becomes a patient in his own psychiatric hospital?
What 1994 hit single by Corona became a classic of the Eurodance genre and a staple of 90s club culture?
Which medieval state was formed in 1230 by the merger of the Kingdom of León and the Kingdom of Castile?
Who are the champions of the annual national spelling bee competition held in Washington, D.C.?
What is the title of the 1956 short story by Donald Barthelme that features a mysterious, enormous balloon that suddenly appears over New York City?
What rare and poorly understood phenomenon appears as glowing, floating lights in the upper atmosphere, often observed at high altitudes or in areas with low air pressure?
What is the title of the poem written by Paul Celan in 1944 that is a powerful and haunting response to the Holocaust?
What is the Mandarin Chinese term for the standardized system of romanizing Chinese characters that is widely used in teaching Chinese as a foreign language?
Who is the Italian mathematician credited with discovering the first known example of a non-measurable set in 1905?
Who is the American trumpeter, composer, and bandleader who is the artistic director of Jazz at Lincoln Center?
What 1936 satirical science fiction novel by Karel Čapek tells the story of a species of intelligent newts that are discovered and exploited by humans, leading to a global conflict?
Who was the ancient Chinese philosopher who founded the school of Mohism and advocated for a philosophy of universal love and impartial care?
What type of musical compositions did Ludwig van Beethoven write 32 of, including the famous "Moonlight" and "Appassionata" sonatas?
Which Chinese imperial dynasty, established by Emperor Gaozu in 206 BCE, is known for its territorial expansion, cultural achievements, and invention of paper?
What is the title of the poem by Frank O'Hara that mourns the death of Billie Holiday?
What is the process by which particles move from an area of higher concentration to an area of lower concentration until they are evenly distributed?
What is the title of the 1898 short story by Stephen Crane that tells the tale of a marshal who brings his bride back to the small town of Yellow Sky, Texas?
Who were the 59 individuals who signed the death warrant of the English monarch in 1649?
What is the title of the 1979 song by The Only Ones that has been featured in numerous films, TV shows, and commercials?
What is the primary goal of law enforcement sting operations that involve posing as minors online?
What type of vessels did the Greeks assemble at Aulis before setting sail for Troy?
What was the outcome of the negotiations between Athens and Sparta in 404 BCE that led to the surrender of Athens and the destruction of its walls?
Who was the American politician and athlete who served as the 1996 Republican vice presidential nominee and played in the NFL for 13 seasons?
Who was a Russian composer and chemist who wrote the famous opera "Prince Igor" and was also a professor of organic chemistry at the Medico-Surgical Academy in St. Petersburg?
What social and cultural phenomenon emerged in 19th-century Europe and North America, promoting a plant-based diet and lifestyle as a means to improve human health, animal welfare, and environmental sustainability?
What event in 43 CE marked the beginning of Roman rule in Britain and was led by Emperor Claudius?
What mythological punishment did the god Apollo inflict on a satyr who challenged him to a music contest?
Who has served as the Prime Minister of Hungary since 2010, with the exception of a four-year period from 2002 to 2006?
Which Japanese national university is known for its academic excellence and is located in the city that was the imperial capital of Japan for over a thousand years?
What is the title of the influential 1776 book written by Adam Smith that is considered one of the foundational works of modern economics?
What type of aldolases use a Schiff base intermediate to facilitate the aldol reaction?
What is the title of the 1919 short story collection by Franz Kafka that explores themes of alienation, identity, and the human condition?
What ancient Roman mythological story tells the tale of a mortal princess who falls in love with the god of love, but is forced to complete a series of impossible tasks to prove her devotion?
What method of mathematical proof involves assuming that a statement is true for some value, and then showing that it must also be true for a smaller value, thereby creating an infinite sequence of decreasing values that contradicts the assumption?
What is the title of the poem by W.B. Yeats that explores the themes of aging, identity, and the cyclical nature of life?
What term describes the process of reappropriating and redefining derogatory language or slurs to empower marginalized groups and challenge dominant power structures?
Where did Ted Kaczynski live and write his anti-technology manifesto while carrying out a series of domestic terrorist attacks in the 1980s and 1990s?
What type of ancient Roman organizations were known for their colorful uniforms and fierce rivalries?
What concept in organic chemistry explains how the ratio of products in a reaction can be influenced by the relative rates of two competing reactions, even if one of the reactions is much faster than the other?
What term was coined by Scottish surgeon James Braid in 1841 to describe the hypnotic power of a fixed gaze?
What is the original title of the 1904 novel by Joseph Conrad that was later shortened to simply "Nostromo"?
What is the term used in statistical mechanics to represent the inverse of the product of the Boltzmann constant and the thermodynamic temperature of a system?
What is the title of the short story by Nathaniel Hawthorne that explores the themes of science, morality, and the human condition through the tale of a scientist's obsessive attempt to remove a birthmark from his wife's cheek?
What is the title of the short story by Guy de Maupassant that tells the story of a group of French citizens fleeing Rouen during the Franco-Prussian War?
What was the 1951 espionage trial in which a married couple was convicted of conspiracy to commit espionage for passing nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union?
What 1890 book by Jacob Riis exposed the harsh living conditions of immigrants in New York City's slums and led to significant reforms in housing and social policy?
What is the title of the 1975 feminist essay by Hélène Cixous that explores the concept of feminine writing and challenges traditional notions of language and power?
What is the period of intense grief and commemoration observed by Shia Muslims to mark the martyrdom of Imam Hussein and his family?
Which family produced three generations of Wisconsin politicians, including a governor, a senator, and a congressman, who were all known for their progressive policies?
What did Aeolus, the Greek god of the air, give to King Odysseus to help him on his journey?
Who was the Roman Emperor who succeeded Augustus and reigned from 14 AD to 37 AD?
What is the process of displaying an image or video onto a surface using a device that casts a beam of light through a transparent lens?
What event in 1593 led to the end of a promising playwright's career and sparked centuries of speculation about murder, espionage, and literary rivalries?
What feature of ancient Greek mythology is often depicted as a symbol of protection and is commonly found on ancient coins, shields, and architecture?
What is the title of the famous equestrian statue of Peter the Great in St. Petersburg, Russia, created by Étienne Maurice Falconet in 1766?
Who was the Chinese warlord and statesman who played a crucial role in the Three Kingdoms period and was the basis for the character Cao Cao in the classic novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms"?
What are the only two English words that perfectly rhyme with the name of the popular citrus fruit?
What is the title of the poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge that begins with the line "Water, water, every where, And all the boards did shrink"?
Who was the Irish writer, poet, and nationalist leader who was executed by the British for his role in the 1916 Easter Rising?
What is the title of the 1945 short story by Jorge Luis Borges that describes a point in space where all points in space and time converge?
Who is credited with composing "Jelly Roll Blues", the first published jazz composition, in 1915?
Which set of six symphonies written by Joseph Haydn were commissioned by Count d'Ogny and premiered in Paris in 1785-1786?
What significant event occurred on December 31, 1999, when the United States transferred control of a major waterway to Panama?
Who is the Eternals character played by Salma Hayek in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
What is the name of the famous painting by Hieronymus Bosch that depicts a saint being tormented by demons and fantastical creatures in a surreal landscape?
What 19th-century Sudanese uprising against Egyptian and British rule was led by Muhammad Ahmad, who proclaimed himself the Mahdi, or guided one?
Which symphony, composed between 1901 and 1902, features a famous four-note opening motif often interpreted as a "fate" or "death" theme?
What is the name of the graphic novel series by Bryan Lee O'Malley that follows the story of a young couple who discover they have superpowers when they are physically close to each other?
What 14th-century peasant uprising in northern France was sparked by the brutality of the nobility and the devastation of the Black Death?
What was the name of the hip-hop rivalry in the late 1980s between Boogie Down Productions and the Juice Crew?
What event on September 11, 1973, overthrew the democratically-elected government of President Salvador Allende in Chile?
Which Beethoven piano sonata is also known as Op. 13 and is characterized by its dramatic and emotional contrasts?
Which painting by Spanish artist Francisco Goya depicts a Titan from Greek mythology consuming one of his own offspring in a fit of madness?
What is the title of the 1905 philosophical paper by Bertrand Russell that critiques the theory of descriptions and introduces the concept of definite descriptions?
What 1946 book by Ruth Benedict explores the cultural and social norms of Japan, examining the contradictions between the country's gentle and violent aspects?
In which election did William McKinley defeat William Jennings Bryan, marking a realigning election that ended the Third Party System and began the Fourth Party System?
What fundamental concept in molecular physics explains the intensity distribution of vibrational bands in electronic spectra of molecules?
Which two famous figures, one a master magician and the other a renowned author of detective fiction, had a close friendship despite having fundamentally opposing views on spiritualism?
Who is the Russian mathematician credited with developing the theory of Markov chains?
What are the two words that are pronounced the same but have different meanings, one referring to a male child and the other referring to the star around which the Earth orbits?
What infamous incident on the floor of the United States Senate in 1856 was a violent escalation of the debate over slavery in the Kansas territory?
What fundamental principle in quantum mechanics relates the intrinsic spin of a particle to its statistical behavior, dictating that fermions obey Fermi-Dirac statistics and bosons obey Bose-Einstein statistics?
What mathematical technique is used to find the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter with a high degree of accuracy?
What is the title of the 1958 paper by Elizabeth Anscombe that is credited with reviving virtue ethics and criticizing modern moral philosophy?
What is the name of the official state gemstone of Oregon, which is a type of feldspar that exhibits a metallic schillerization effect?
What 1987 novel by Tom Wolfe satirizes 1980s excess and superficiality in New York City?
What is the whimsical and fantastical realm where absurdly optimistic and unrealistic ideas are indulged?
What naval engagement during the Russo-Japanese War resulted in the destruction of nearly the entire Russian fleet and is considered one of the most decisive naval battles in history?
What was the name given to the 19th-century musical and artistic movement that pitted Richard Wagner and his followers against the traditionalists led by Johannes Brahms?
Which traditional rulers of the Edo people in what is now modern-day Nigeria are known for their bronze casting and artistic achievements?
Who composed the iconic symphonic work "Symphonie Fantastique", which premiered in 1830 and is known for its vivid and imaginative depiction of a romantic obsession?
What spiritual organization founded by Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh was known for its emphasis on meditation, therapy, and communal living, and was the subject of a Netflix documentary series in 2018?
What engineering feat was accomplished in 1900 to prevent sewage and pollution from flowing into Lake Michigan, the source of Chicago's drinking water?
What is the title of the 1992 Hungarian drama film directed by Miklós Jancsó that explores the themes of love, power, and politics in 16th-century Hungary?
What ancient Chinese text is also known as the "Tao Te Ching" and is a foundational scripture of Taoism?
What is the title of the Anton Chekhov short story about an adulterous affair between a young woman and a married man that takes place in Yalta?
What is the name of the neoclassical economic growth model that assumes a constant savings rate and a constant rate of technological progress to explain long-run economic growth?
What is the sound made by a knuckle joint when it is suddenly released from a bent position?
What is the longest railway line in the world, spanning over 5,772 miles from Moscow to Vladivostok?
What 1818 novel by Mary Shelley tells the story of a scientist who creates a monster from dead body parts and brings it to life?
What event occurred on March 28, 1941, when the English author and essayist walked into the River Ouse with stones in her pockets?
Who is the Icelandic writer who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1955 for his epic novel "Independent People"?
What is the only way to possess a genome that is 98.8% identical to that of a human while still being able to climb trees with ease?
What is the title of the ancient Indian Sanskrit play written by Kalidasa that tells the story of a king who falls in love with a hermitage girl?
Who are the legendary figures involved in the infamous rape that led to the expulsion of the last king of Rome and the establishment of the Roman Republic?
What is the title of the patriotic British song written by Thomas Arne in 1740, which is traditionally performed at the Last Night of the Proms?
Which Edgar Allan Poe short story features a narrator who is sentenced to death during the Spanish Inquisition and faces various forms of psychological and physical torture?
What was the period of Mexican history from 1876 to 1911 marked by economic modernization, political repression, and a strong centralized government under the rule of Porfirio Díaz?
What is the title of the famous short story by Frank R. Stockton that ends with a cliffhanger, leaving the reader to ponder the fate of the protagonist?
What characteristic do skunks, stinky cheese, and certain types of flowers often share in common?
What event in 2015 shocked fans and marked a significant change in the British-Irish boy band's lineup?
What was the royal house that ruled England from 1042 to 1066, founded by Godwin, Earl of Wessex?
What is the negatively charged species with the formula PO43- that plays a crucial role in many biochemical reactions, including DNA synthesis and ATP production?
What is the title of the 1950 Japanese film directed by Akira Kurosawa that tells the story of a murder and its aftermath through multiple conflicting perspectives?
What is the full title of the protagonist of the novel written by Miguel de Cervantes, first published in 1605?
What type of monastery is characterized by a unique layout of individual cells or houses arranged around a central cloister, often with a church at its center?
What 1967 literary criticism book by Frank Kermode explores the relationship between fiction and the human experience of time?
Where did the 19th-century messianic movement led by Antônio Conselheiro take place?
Who created the 10-foot-tall stainless steel sculpture of a balloon dog that sold for $58.4 million in 2013?
What is the two-dimensional measure of the boundary of a region from which nothing, including light, can escape the gravitational pull of a massive, collapsed star?
What is the title of the 1984 novel by Martin Amis that satirizes the excesses of 1980s capitalism and explores the corrupting influence of wealth?
What was the title of the 1798 poetry collection that marked a significant shift towards Romanticism and featured contributions from William Wordsworth and Samuel Taylor Coleridge?
What term is used to describe a genre of Chinese literature that emerged in the 1970s and 1980s, focusing on the trauma and suffering experienced during the Cultural Revolution?
Who is the American organic chemist and Nobel laureate known for developing a widely used system of retrosynthetic analysis?
What type of legislation aims to ensure that consumers and independent repair shops have access to the necessary information and parts to fix broken products?
What is the title of the 1819 poem by John Keats that tells the story of a knight's encounter with a mysterious and beautiful lady?
What are the symbolic systems that the human mind uses to represent and process information?
What is the full name of the half-human, half-Vulcan character played by Leonard Nimoy in the original Star Trek television series?
Who was the Babylonian king who commissioned the construction of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World?
What title is traditionally given to the highest-ranking official responsible for the care and management of a monarch's stables and horses?
What was the outcome of the Norwegian-Swedish War of 1814 that was formalized in the Treaty of Kiel?
What type of cyber attack involves intercepting and altering communication signals in transit to manipulate the information being exchanged?
What historical process led to the establishment of 13 original colonies along the eastern seaboard of the modern-day United States?
What novel by Cormac McCarthy is set on the Texas-Mexico border in the 1850s and explores the violent and chaotic world of scalp hunters?
What is the title of the 1951 philosophical paper by Willard Van Orman Quine that challenged traditional notions of analytic and synthetic truths?
Which symphony, also known as the "Resurrection Symphony", features a chorus and vocal soloists in its final movement, setting the text of Friedrich Klopstock's "Resurrection Ode" to music?
Which political party has been led by Boris Johnson, Theresa May, and David Cameron in the 21st century?
What is the title of the 1951 philosophical paper by Willard Van Orman Quine that challenged traditional notions of analytic and synthetic truths?
What is the title of the 15th-century painting by Paolo Uccello depicting a lively and chaotic scene of nobles and their dogs chasing a variety of game through a dense woodland?
What type of medieval automaton was said to be able to answer questions and make prophecies?
What 1985 essay by Donna Haraway explores the concept of cyborgs as a metaphor for the intersection of technology and humanity?
Who is the German neurologist credited with discovering the area of the brain responsible for speech comprehension, now known as Wernicke's area?
Who was the Mexican revolutionary leader who led the Liberation Army of the South during the Mexican Revolution?
What is the title of the fifth chapter of J.R.R. Tolkien's novel "The Hobbit"?
What is the name of the subatomic particle discovered in 1974 by Burton Richter and Samuel Ting, which is a bound state of a charm quark and its antiparticle?
What was the 530 CE military conflict in which the Byzantine Empire, led by Belisarius, defeated the Sassanid Empire in Mesopotamia?
Who is the ancient Greek philosopher credited with being the first to propose the concept of the four classical elements of earth, air, fire, and water?
What is the present participle of the verb "sufier" in English?
Which ethnic group in the UK has its roots in the Caribbean island of Jamaica and has a significant presence in cities like London and Birmingham?
What is the famous passage in Homer's Iliad that lists the contingents of the Greek army that sailed to Troy?
Which West African spiritual tradition is characterized by a pantheon of over 400 orishas, or divine beings, and is still widely practiced today in countries such as Nigeria, Benin, and Cuba?
Which symphony by Joseph Haydn features a gradual diminuendo and eventual disappearance of the musicians from the stage, symbolizing the departure of the musicians from the palace?
What ancient Berber kingdom was established in the 3rd century BC in what is now modern-day Algeria and parts of Tunisia and Libya?
Which Mongol khanate established by Hulagu in the 13th century was centered in modern-day Iran and Iraq?
What 1847 conflict marked the first large-scale amphibious assault conducted by the United States military?
What collection of teachings is attributed to the founder of Buddhism and is still studied and revered by millions of people around the world today?
Which musical composition, written in 1874, is a setting of the Roman Catholic funeral mass and features the famous "Dies Irae" sequence?
Who is the ancient Chinese philosopher credited with writing the classic Daoist text that bears his name and is known for its parables and anecdotes about the nature of reality and the human condition?
What is the title of the 1959 novella by Philip Roth that won the National Book Award?
What suffix is added to Italian words to form the superlative degree, as in "bellissimo" or "grandissimo"?
What 1739-1742 conflict between Britain and Spain was sparked by the severed ear of a British sailor?
What was the title of Walter Pater's 1873 collection of essays that explored the intersection of art, literature, and philosophy in the Renaissance era?
Which Canterbury Tale tells the story of the rivalry between Arcite and Palamon for the love of Emelye?
What type of ornamental stones, often featuring intricate patterns and shapes, were highly prized by Chinese literati and used to inspire contemplation and reflection?
What unpronounceable moniker did Prince adopt as his stage name in 1993?
What title was held by Byzantine rulers who governed the Peloponnese region of Greece during the 14th to 15th centuries?
What is the name of the paradoxical donkey that, when placed equidistant from two identical bales of hay, will starve to death because it cannot make a decision about which one to eat?
What is the measure of the amount of electric current flowing through a unit volume of a material?
What 1389 conflict between the Ottoman Empire and the Serbian Principality resulted in the death of Serbian Prince Lazar and a lasting impact on Serbian national identity?
What is the Latin phrase meaning "Lamb of God" that is a common element of the Mass in Western Christian traditions?
What are the five letters in the modern English alphabet that are not consonants?
Who was the leader of Grenada when the United States invaded the island in 1983?
What ancient structures protected the city of Athens from invaders and were famously breached by the Spartans in 404 BCE?
What is the title of the 1913 short story by Franz Kafka that explores the complex and troubled relationship between a father and son?
What event in 1972 led to the forced departure of tens of thousands of people of Indian and Pakistani descent from a country in East Africa?
Who developed the Hückel molecular orbital method, a simple and effective approach to understanding the electronic structure of planar, unsaturated molecules?
What is the title of the 16th-century poem by Christopher Marlowe that begins with the lines "Come live with me and be my love, / And we will all the pleasures prove"?
What event occurred on July 7, 2021, at the private residence of the President of Haiti, resulting in his death?
What is the title of the Franz Kafka short story that features a mysterious and gruesome punishment device known as "the Harrow"?
What is the title of the novel by George Eliot that tells the story of a reclusive weaver who adopts a young girl and finds redemption in a small English village?
Who is the fictional character in Laurence Sterne's novel "Tristram Shandy" who is introduced as a deceased clergyman whose skull is exhumed by the titular character?
Who is the younger sister of Holden Caulfield in J.D. Salinger's novel "The Catcher in the Rye"?
What was the title held by the highest-ranking priest in the ancient Egyptian temple hierarchy responsible for interpreting sacred texts and performing rituals?
Which medieval Hungarian royal house produced kings such as Stephen I, Ladislaus I, and Béla III?
What mass extinction event, which occurred around 65 million years ago, is believed to have wiped out the dinosaurs and many other species?
What is the title of the famous piano composition by Erik Satie that consists of three slow and contemplative pieces?
What is the Sanskrit term for a ritual object used in Buddhism to symbolize the indestructible nature of enlightenment?
What did she do when her boyfriend of five years got down on one knee and presented her with a diamond ring in front of their friends and family at the beachside resort?
What type of musical compositions did the Baroque master from Eisenach, Germany, write over 200 of, many of which are still performed today in churches and concert halls around the world?
What is the name of the famous philosophical puzzle that challenges the idea that observing a large number of confirming instances of a generalization provides strong evidence for its truth, using the example of a black bird?
Who was the Russian composer and pianist who wrote the famous Piano Concerto No. 2 in C minor, Op. 18?
What is the title of the short story by Sarah Orne Jewett that tells the tale of a young girl's encounter with a hunter and a rare bird in rural Maine?
Which royal house ruled Portugal from 1385 to 1580 and was founded by John I, who claimed the throne after the 1383-1385 crisis?
Who are the primary beneficiaries of the generous pension system that allows them to enjoy a comfortable lifestyle in the countryside or by the Mediterranean coast?
Which 17th-century oil painting by Rembrandt van Rijn, featuring a young man on horseback, is widely regarded as one of the most enigmatic and intriguing works of the Dutch Golden Age?
What violent event in 1856 Kansas, led by John Brown, resulted in the deaths of five pro-slavery settlers and was a catalyst for the American Civil War?
What is the only logical explanation for the fact that no one has ever seen a bird's knees?
What is the title of the 1970 non-fiction book by Dee Brown that chronicles the treatment of Native Americans by the United States government?
Who was the American modernist composer who wrote the iconic orchestral work "Three Places in New England"?
Who was the Soviet agronomist and biologist who rejected Mendelian genetics and promoted the pseudoscientific theory of "Michurinism" in the Soviet Union during the 1930s-1950s?
What phenomenon occurs when different latitudes on a planet or star rotate at varying speeds, resulting in a non-uniform rotation pattern?
What is the title of the 1981 short story by Raymond Carver that explores the complexities of love and relationships through a conversation between two couples?
What is the sacred liquid that Hindus believe has the power to purify the soul and is often used in ritualistic ceremonies and spiritual practices?
Who are the spiritual leaders responsible for performing rituals and ceremonies in Haitian Vodou religion?
Which ancient naval force, established in the 4th century, played a crucial role in protecting the Eastern Roman Empire's maritime trade and territorial integrity for over 1,000 years?
What was the patrician family to which Appius Claudius Caecus, a famous Roman statesman and consul, belonged?
Which group of American colonists remained faithful to the British Crown during the American Revolution?
What was the name of the pre-colonial state that existed on the island of Madagascar from the 16th to the late 19th century and was ruled by the Merina people?
What is the name of the sacred Buddhist site in Vietnam's Marble Mountains that is said to have been discovered by a Buddhist monk in the 17th century?
What is the title of the poem by Robert Frost that was read at the inauguration of President John F. Kennedy in 1961?
What is the rate at which a country's currency can be exchanged for another country's currency, adjusted for the effects of inflation and other economic factors?
What phenomenon causes objects to appear shorter to an observer when they are in motion relative to the observer at a significant fraction of the speed of light?
What ancient Berber kingdom was established in the 3rd century BC and existed until it was annexed by the Roman Empire in 44 AD?
Who was the Byzantine general who reconquered North Africa from the Vandals and Italy from the Ostrogoths during the reign of Emperor Justinian I?
Who is credited with creating the first purely abstract works of art, including "Composition VII" and "Improvisation 28"?
What is the name of the 18th-century Indian automaton that is now on display at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London?
How do statisticians and data scientists generate a subset of data points that are representative of an entire population or dataset?
What is the title of the 1941 jazz standard composed by Billy Strayhorn that became the signature tune of the Duke Ellington Orchestra?
Who is credited with developing the mathematical technique of decomposing functions into a series of sine and cosine waves, now known as the Fourier series?
What is the process of computationally determining the three-dimensional structure of a protein from its amino acid sequence without prior knowledge of similar structures?
Who was the British physicist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1977 for his work on the electronic structure of magnetic and disordered systems?
What financial theory proposes that, under certain assumptions, a company's value is unaffected by its capital structure, and that the cost of equity and debt are interdependent?
Who is the Swedish physicist credited with developing the Rydberg formula, which describes the wavelengths of light emitted by atoms?
What are the numerous renditions of the Old English epic poem that have been rendered into modern languages to make it more accessible to readers?
What ideology emphasizes the unique cultural and historical identity of Puerto Rico and advocates for its independence from the United States?
Who is the Spanish artist credited with pioneering Cubism and creating the iconic artwork "Guernica"?
What was the 1961 Israeli court proceeding that brought international attention to the atrocities of the Holocaust?
What is the title of the 1946 novel by Miguel Ángel Asturias that is considered one of the most important works of 20th-century Guatemalan literature?
Who was the Soviet writer and journalist executed by firing squad in 1938 for allegedly plotting to assassinate Joseph Stalin?
What is the title of the poem by Archibald MacLeish that explores the nature of poetry and the poet's role?
What 1834 oil-on-canvas painting by Eugène Delacroix is considered one of the most important works of the Orientalist movement?
What event on May 4, 1970, resulted in the deaths of four students and injuries to nine others during a protest against the Vietnam War?
According to Immanuel Kant, what is the title of his 1784 essay that explores the nature of human freedom and the role of reason in achieving intellectual maturity?
What type of electoral process is used to select the monarch in some monarchies, such as Saudi Arabia and Jordan?
What is the title of the famous jazz standard composed by Dizzy Gillespie in 1942 that features a complex melody and chord progression?
What type of isomerization occurs when a molecule's non-identical substituents switch sides around a double bond, resulting in a change in the molecule's three-dimensional shape?
What are the first letters of the phrase spoken by Muslims to greet each other, which means "peace be upon you"?
What event in 1917 marked a significant shift in the global balance of power and led to the eventual defeat of the Central Powers?
What novel by Vladimir Nabokov consists of a 999-line poem and a foreword and commentary by a fictional scholar?
Who discovered the planet Uranus in 1781 and was later knighted for his contributions to astronomy?
What were the final words of Mr. Kurtz in Joseph Conrad's novel "Heart of Darkness"?
Which city in southern China is known as the "City of Flowers" and is the capital of Guangdong province?
Which 15th-century oil-on-oak triptych by the Early Netherlandish master Robert Campin is housed in the Cloisters museum in New York City?
Which Russian sect, founded in the 18th century, practiced castration as a means of achieving spiritual purity?
Who is the character that reveals his true identity to Luke Skywalker in "The Empire Strikes Back" with the iconic line "No, I am your father"?
What is the name of the ancient Greek region that corresponds to the modern-day municipality of Astros in Arcadia, Greece?
Who, according to the New Testament, were the siblings of the Son of God born to Mary and Joseph?
What group of supernatural beings in Irish mythology were said to have inhabited the island of Ireland before the arrival of human beings?
What fundamental principle in optics describes the relationship between the angles of incidence and refraction when light passes from one medium to another?
Which ancient civilization, located in modern-day Pakistan and northwestern India, is known for its sophisticated urban planning, advanced irrigation systems, and mysterious undeciphered writing system?
Which ancient Greek tragedy by Euripides tells the story of a princess who is rescued from a barbarous land where she was forced to sacrifice strangers to a goddess?
What collection of poems written by Rainer Maria Rilke between 1912 and 1922 is characterized by its themes of spirituality, existence, and the human condition?
What is the central prayer in Judaism that declares the unity and oneness of God?
What are the traditional Japanese ornaments that are typically displayed on shelves or in alcoves during the New Year (Oshogatsu) celebrations?
What O. Henry short story tells the tale of two con artists who kidnap a spoiled and mischievous young boy, only to find themselves driven to distraction by his antics and ultimately paying his father to take him back?
Which family did the Irish poet and playwright Seamus Heaney grow up in?
What form of bondage was practiced by many European colonizers and settlers in North America, particularly in the Southeast, from the 16th to the 19th centuries?
Which province in southwestern China is known for its spicy cuisine and is home to the giant panda research center in Chengdu?
What is the title of the 1902 short story by Saki that features a character named Framton Nuttel and a mysterious window?
Which 19th-century maritime empire, centered in the Gulf of Oman, controlled a vast territory that stretched from modern-day Pakistan to Zanzibar?
What is the name of the Diophantine equation that takes the form x^2 - ny^2 = 1, where n is a nonsquare integer and x and y are integers?
What is the exact address of the Smith family's residence, where they have lived for the past 10 years?
What architectural feature, built in the 6th century and considered a masterpiece of Byzantine engineering, is adorned with 40 windows and is a prominent symbol of Istanbul's rich history?
Who is the enigmatic and powerful crime lord in Naples, Italy, known for her cunning and ruthless tactics in the Neapolitan Novels by Elena Ferrante?
What is the title of the poem by William Cullen Bryant that explores the theme of death and the afterlife?
Who united the various tribes of the Arabian Peninsula to form the modern state of Saudi Arabia in 1932?
What type of attraction is specifically designed to house and display a large collection of live butterflies in a controlled, tropical environment?
What 16th- to 19th-century process of territorial expansion led to the annexation of a vast region in northern Asia by the Russian Empire?
Who was the legendary lawman and frontiersman who played a key role in the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral in Tombstone, Arizona, on October 26, 1881?
Who is the subject of the famous painting "Arrangement in Grey and Black No. 1" by James McNeill Whistler?
What mysterious series of cryptic messages and symbols has been embedded in the pavement of major cities across the United States and parts of South America since the 1980s?
What 1819 short story by John Polidori is often credited with being the first modern vampire story?
What are the primary locations where the United States Navy stations its fleet of warships and supports its maritime operations around the world?
What 13th-century West African oral tradition tells the story of the founder of the Mali Empire?
What literary work written by James Boswell is considered one of the greatest examples of the genre and a classic of English literature?
Who wrote the novel "Fathers and Sons", a seminal work of Russian literature that explores the conflict between generations and ideologies?
What is the title of the 1949 novel by Alejo Carpentier that tells the story of the Haitian Revolution and its impact on the Caribbean?
What is the title of the influential 1971 book by Eduardo Galeano that critiques the history of European and US involvement in Latin America?
What term describes the creation and recording of sound effects to enhance the audio of a film, television show, or video game?
What is the official currency of the United Kingdom, symbolized by the symbol "£"?
What is the title of the 1926 short story by D.H. Lawrence about a young boy who believes a rocking horse can predict the winners of horse races?
What political and ideological movement emerged in Northern Ireland in the late 19th century, emphasizing the region's historical and cultural ties to the United Kingdom and opposing Irish nationalism?
Which group of females in India are known for their strict adherence to ahimsa, or non-violence, and often wear masks to avoid accidentally inhaling insects?
What is the name of the stage in Super Mario 64 where Mario must navigate a series of boats and docks to reach the lighthouse at the end?
Who was the 17th-century French swordswoman and opera singer known for her bravery, beauty, and scandalous love affairs?
What Pulitzer Prize-winning graphic novel tells the story of a Holocaust survivor and his son through a narrative that uses anthropomorphic animals to represent different nationalities and ethnicities?
What is the name of the 15th-century Gothic fountain located in the courtyard of the Chartreuse de Champmol in Dijon, France, that is considered one of the most famous works of the sculptor Claus Sluter?
Which powerful Italian noble family produced two kings of Naples, a queen of Poland, and a duke of Milan who commissioned Leonardo da Vinci's The Last Supper?
Who is the French mathematician and physicist credited with developing the theory of special relativity independently of Albert Einstein?
What is the nuclear reaction process by which helium nuclei are fused into carbon nuclei in the cores of certain massive stars?
What type of graphical representation is used to display the distribution of ions according to their mass-to-charge ratio in analytical chemistry?
Who wrote the influential essay "In Praise of Shadows", which explores the aesthetics of Japanese culture and the impact of Westernization on traditional Japanese values?
What ancient Chinese practice involves tossing coins to generate a hexagram that provides guidance and insight into a person's situation or question?
What philosophical position posits that the mind and body are separate entities with distinct essences, rather than being different aspects of the same substance?
What is the title of the 1979 novel by Nadine Gordimer that explores the complexities of apartheid and identity in South Africa?
Which Union Army regiment, formed in 1863, was the first formal unit of the Union Army during the American Civil War to be made up entirely of African American soldiers?
What is the term used to describe the extremely slow and gradual movement of ice sheets and glaciers over a long period of time?
Who are the two physicists credited with developing the concept of the Bose-Einstein statistics and the theory of the Bose-Einstein condensate?
What is the primary method used in mathematics to establish the validity of a conjecture or hypothesis?
What type of psychological test involves showing patients a series of symmetrical, abstract images to assess their thought processes and emotional functioning?
What is the traditional English ballad that tells the story of a man who asks his former lover to meet him at Scarborough Fair, a fair that took place in Scarborough, Yorkshire, England?
What title was held by the Byzantine governor of Italy from the 6th to the 8th centuries, who was responsible for governing the imperial territories in the Italian peninsula?
Which multinational food company, founded in 1851, is the world's largest producer of fresh fruit and vegetables?
What is the title of the 1881 novel by Henry James that explores the complexities of a young American woman's life in Europe?
What are the protected areas in America that include Yellowstone, Yosemite, Zion, and the Grand Canyon, among others?
What industrial process is responsible for producing the majority of the world's ammonia, which is then used to manufacture fertilizers and other chemicals?
Who is the evolutionary biologist and geneticist who introduced the concept of inclusive fitness and was awarded the Crafoord Prize in 1993?
Who is the American philosopher and logician who developed the concept of indeterminacy of translation and wrote "Two Dogmas of Empiricism"?
What is the title of the poem by William Cullen Bryant that meditates on death and the afterlife, written in 1817?
What set of 12 piano pieces by Franz Liszt is known for its technical difficulty and profound musicality?
What iconic biblical scene depicts a beautiful widow assassinating an Assyrian general in his tent to save her city from siege?
In the Fallout: New Vegas video game, what is the name of the luxurious hotel and casino located on the Strip in New Vegas?
Who was the founder of the Ming dynasty and the first Ming emperor of China?
Who was the wife of Napoleon Bonaparte and Empress of the French from 1804 to 1814?
What is the traditional Jewish practice of melodically reciting sacred scripture in a synagogue service?
What secret system of symbols and markings was used by vagrants in the early 20th century to communicate with each other about safe havens, food sources, and potential dangers?
What event in 1916 led to the downfall of the Russian monarchy and the rise of the Bolsheviks?
What late 19th-century literary and artistic movement, characterized by a fascination with beauty, decay, and the irrational, was exemplified in the works of authors like Oscar Wilde and Charles Baudelaire?
What is the title of the collection of poems written by Petrarch that is considered one of the greatest works of the Italian Renaissance?
What is the title of the 1842 novella by Nikolai Gogol that tells the story of a poor government clerk's obsession with a new coat?
What is the title of the 1963 horror film starring Vincent Price as a French magistrate who becomes possessed by a demon?
What 19th-century process led to the creation of a single, unified Italian state from a collection of separate kingdoms, duchies, and city-states?
What is the title of the 1963 novel by Mario Vargas Llosa that explores the experiences of cadets at a Peruvian military academy?
Which symphony by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is also known as No. 41 in C major, K. 551?
What 1755 publication is credited with standardizing the English language and remains a foundational reference work to this day?
What bird is said to have returned to the ark with an olive branch, signaling the end of the great flood?
What event took place on April 10 and 24, 2022, in which Emmanuel Macron defeated Marine Le Pen to win a second term as President of France?
Which portrait by Quentin Matsys is believed to be a satirical representation of Margaret of Austria, Duchess of Parma?
What phenomenon occurs when two or more crystals share some of their atoms in a repeating pattern, resulting in a symmetrical and repeating arrangement of atoms?
What is the iconic phrase often used by Cardi B to express sass, confidence, and a dash of playfulness?
What type of long-eared, fast-breeding, herbivorous mammals are often confused with each other due to their similar appearance?
What typically features a script, costumes, and a live audience, and is often held in a theater or auditorium?
What type of ceremonies typically involve cremation on a pyre and the release of ashes into a sacred body of water?
What devastating seismic event occurred on All Saints' Day in a European capital city, causing widespread destruction and triggering a tsunami that affected several countries?
What term is used to describe the creation and recording of sound effects to enhance the audio of a film, television show, or video game?
What was the outcome of the Spanish–American War that was formalized by the Treaty of Paris in 1898?
Which 15th-century painting by Paolo Uccello depicts a battle fought on February 1, 1432, during the Wars in Lombardy?
Who is the demigod daughter of Demeter and a mortal in the Heroes of Olympus series?
Who was the Hungarian military leader and regent who led the defense of Belgrade against the Ottoman Empire in 1456?
What classic demonstration of wave-particle duality in light involves passing a beam through two parallel slits, creating an interference pattern on a screen behind them?
What novel by Günter Grass features a protagonist who decides to stop growing at the age of three and uses a tin drum to express his feelings about the rise of Nazism in Germany?
What is the title of the famous short story by Alexander Pushkin that tells the tale of a young officer's obsession with winning at cards?
Who is the wife of Prince Genji in the classic Japanese novel "The Tale of Genji"?
Who were the approximately 165,000 people forcibly relocated from Britain to the Australian continent between 1788 and 1868?
Which Central Asian empire, founded by a Turco-Mongol ruler, flourished from the 14th to the 16th century and was known for its cultural achievements and architectural innovations?
What is the enigmatic creature that is a recurring symbol in Haruki Murakami's surreal novel set in Tokyo?
What is the nickname of middleweight boxer Jake LaMotta, who was portrayed by Robert De Niro in the 1980 film Raging Bull?
What is the title of the traditional English nursery rhyme that features a character named Jack who exchanges his weasel for a coat?
What event in 641 CE led to the fall of the Byzantine Empire's rule in Egypt and the introduction of Islam to the region?
What is the title of the collection of poetry written by William Wordsworth that includes "Strange Fits of Passion Have I Known" and "She Dwelt Among the Untrodden Ways"?
What 1743-1745 series of six paintings by William Hogarth satirizes the excesses and moral decay of 18th-century English aristocracy?
Who wrote the influential essay "In Praise of Shadows", which explores the aesthetics of Japanese culture and the impact of Westernization on traditional Japanese values?
Which famous artwork by Benvenuto Cellini depicts a mythological hero holding the severed head of a snake-haired monster?
What term did Wallace Stevens use to describe the ultimate goal of poetry, which he believed could never be fully achieved?
Who was the ruler of the largest and most powerful empire in pre-Columbian America, which stretched from modern-day Colombia to Chile?
What event occurred on October 28, 1918, when Tomáš Masaryk declared the creation of a new nation in Prague?
Who was the Soviet leader who famously banged his shoe on a desk at the United Nations General Assembly in 1960?
What was the controversial 1939 experiment in which a speech therapist intentionally induced stuttering in 22 orphan children to test the theory that stuttering was a learned behavior?
Who is the protagonist of Chinua Achebe's novel "No Longer at Ease"?
What event in the biblical narrative marks the transition of humanity from a state of innocence to one of sin and mortality?
What type of crystal structure is typically formed by the electrostatic attraction between oppositely charged ions in a solid?
What 8th- and 9th-century religious movement in the Eastern Roman Empire sought to eliminate the use of images in worship and led to a period of intense theological and artistic controversy?
Who is credited with developing the concept of externalities in economics and is known for his work "The Economics of Welfare"?
What 1740 novel by Samuel Richardson is considered one of the first English novels and tells the story of a young servant's rise to wealth and marriage?
What was the name of the patron deity of the ancient city of Babylon during the reign of Nebuchadnezzar II?
Which wealthy and influential Austrian family produced a philosopher who wrote the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus and a pianist who premiered works by Brahms and Ravel?
Who is the protagonist of Louisa May Alcott's novel "Little Women"?
Who wrote the surreal and psychologically complex novel "The Woman in the Dunes", which was adapted into a critically acclaimed film in 1964?
What type of musical composition did Ludwig van Beethoven write 32 of, including the famous "Moonlight" and "Appassionata"?
What 1743-1745 series of six paintings by William Hogarth satirizes the excesses and moral decay of 18th-century English aristocracy?
What international aquatic sports event was held in Budapest, Hungary, from July 14 to 30, 2017?
Which Byzantine imperial house ruled the Eastern Roman Empire from 1261 to 1453, with its last emperor being Constantine XI?
What type of creature is often depicted as a magical companion and servant to a practitioner of dark magic?
What major social reform was implemented in Brazil on May 13, 1888, through a law signed by Princess Isabel?
Who is the German mathematician and theoretical astronomer credited with discovering the Möbius strip?
What property of a surface or medium allows objects to move through it with zero resistance or opposition?
What 1784 painting by Jacques-Louis David depicts a pivotal moment in the legendary story of the Horatii brothers from ancient Rome?
Who is credited with creating one of the first known maps of the world and proposing that humans evolved from fish-like creatures?
Which two European countries have a territorial dispute over the North Atlantic Ocean, specifically regarding the continental shelf around the Hatton-Rockall Plateau?
Who is the Dutch doctor and vampire hunter who leads the charge against Count Dracula in Bram Stoker's classic novel?
What type of ancient Greek poetry is characterized by a formal, elevated style and typically written in praise of athletic victories?
Which ethnic group, originally from the mountainous regions of southern China and Southeast Asia, has a significant population in the United States, particularly in Minnesota and California?
What mathematical formula relates the mass of a rocket to its exhaust velocity and the speed of its payload?
What palladium-catalyzed cross-coupling reaction involves the reaction of an organoborane with an organic halide or pseudohalide to form a carbon-carbon bond?
Who were the three Anglican bishops burned at the stake in Oxford in 1555 and 1556 during the reign of Queen Mary I of England?
What catastrophic event occurred on June 30, 1908, in a remote area of Siberia, flattening an estimated 80 million trees over 2,150 square kilometers?
Who, along with Francis Crick, discovered the double helix structure of DNA in 1953?
What type of rock is typically formed from the rapid cooling of lava flows at mid-ocean ridges?
What is the title of the poem by Elizabeth Bishop that explores the theme of loss and features the famous lines "The art of losing isn't hard to master"?
What 1954 psychological study, led by Muzafer Sherif, explored intergroup conflict and cooperation by dividing 22 boy scouts into two groups at a summer camp in Oklahoma?
Who wrote the Roman imperial biographies known as "The Twelve Caesars", which include the lives of Julius Caesar, Augustus, and Caligula?
When will the raven's ominous prophecy of lost love be reversed?
What is the title of the 1852 work by Karl Marx that analyzes the French coup d'état of 1851 and explores the concept of historical repetition?
What was the name of the powerful kingdom that dominated much of Madagascar from the 16th to the 19th centuries?
What historical process led to the displacement of Celtic-speaking populations and the establishment of Germanic-speaking kingdoms in England during the 5th and 6th centuries?
Which ancient South American mythology features a god who was said to have created the first humans by breathing life into stones?
In which fictional forest does Rosalind, the heroine of Shakespeare's As You Like It, flee to escape her uncle's tyranny?
Which European royal house was founded by Napoleon I and ruled France from 1804 to 1815 and again from 1852 to 1870?
What 1989 religious edict issued by Ayatollah Khomeini sparked widespread international controversy and forced a prominent author into hiding for nearly a decade?
What is the highest peak on the border between North Korea and China?
What process, which began in the 12th century and continued for centuries, involved the settlement and domination of the island of Ireland by the English monarchy and British aristocracy?
What event on January 1, 1901, united six British colonies to form a single nation?
What ancient Roman office was established in 494 BCE to protect the rights of the common people and was held by representatives elected by the plebeian council?
What is the name of the protagonist in Toni Morrison's 1973 novel set in the fictional town of Medallion, Ohio?
Who is the fictional composer and protagonist of Thomas Mann's novel "Doctor Faustus"?
Who was the Italian statesman and leading figure in the unification of Italy who served as Prime Minister of Sardinia and later of Italy from 1852 to 1861?
What is the ideology that seeks to impose rules and standards on language usage, often based on notions of correctness, purity, and tradition?
Who was the American social reformer and humanitarian who crusaded for the welfare of the mentally ill and founded numerous hospitals and asylums in the mid-19th century?
Who is the only student in Madame Dione's class at Camp Half-Blood who is not claimed by a god or goddess?
Who is the protagonist of Hermann Hesse's novel "The Glass Bead Game"?
What is the fabled paradise described in a classic American folk song as a place where "they hung the jerk that invented work"?
What is the title of the play by Wole Soyinka that explores the cultural clash between traditional Yoruba values and British colonialism in 1940s Nigeria?
What mechanism allows certain viruses to translate their overlapping genes by shifting the reading frame of the genetic code during protein synthesis?
What 1825 uprising in Russia was sparked by the death of Alexander I and led by liberal nobles who sought to establish a constitutional monarchy?
What process occurs when the layers of a lake's water column are disturbed, leading to the redistribution of heat, oxygen, and nutrients throughout the entire lake?
What is the eerie and crumbling mansion in Edgar Allan Poe's classic short story where the narrator visits his old friend Roderick?
What type of reaction involves the attack of a Lewis base on a π bond in an alkene or alkyne, resulting in the formation of a new σ bond?
Who was a 17th-century Austrian composer and violinist known for his innovative use of scordatura and his composition of the "Mystery Sonatas"?
What event in the Epic of Gilgamesh prompts Gilgamesh to embark on a quest for immortality?
Who is the Hungarian novelist and screenwriter known for his complex, lyrical prose and collaborations with filmmaker Béla Tarr?
Who was the 18th-century European aristocrat and mystic rumored to be immortal and to have lived for centuries?
What type of oscillations occur in ionized gases, such as those found in stars or fusion reactors, due to the collective motion of charged particles?
What is the name of the legendary Japanese sword said to be one of the three Imperial Regalia of Japan, along with the mirror Yata no Kagami and the jewel Yasakani no Magatama?
What ancient official was responsible for supervising public morals and conduct, as well as conducting the census and overseeing public works projects?
Who was the Spanish romantic painter who created the famous artwork "The Third of May 1808" and suffered from a mysterious illness that left him deaf?
What is the primary concern of the United Nations Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space's debris mitigation guidelines for spacecraft in Earth's orbit?
Which two 18th-century philosophers are most famously associated with the development of empiricism and transcendental idealism, respectively?
What is the name of the Scottish bridge infamous for being a hotspot for canine suicides, with hundreds of dogs mysteriously jumping to their deaths since the 1950s?
Which royal house of Portugal was founded by John I in 1385 and ruled the country until 1580?
What is the title of the famous painting by Edwin Landseer that depicts a majestic stag standing in a Scottish landscape?
What is the spectral line in the ultraviolet region of the electromagnetic spectrum that is produced by the transition of an electron from the first excited state to the ground state in a hydrogen atom?
What type of land is restored to a natural or productive state after being damaged or degraded?
What 1526 conflict marked the fall of the Hungarian Kingdom and led to the partition of Hungary between the Habsburgs and the Ottomans?
What powerful West African kingdom, founded in the 17th century, was known for its gold wealth and elaborate kente cloth?
What is the title of the Pulitzer Prize-winning jazz oratorio composed by Wynton Marsalis?
Who are the individuals who have explored the vast virtual lands of Azeroth, battled the Lich King, and saved the world from the Burning Legion?
What is the fifth and final book in The Trials of Apollo series by Rick Riordan?
Which poem by T.S. Eliot features the famous lines "We are the hollow men / We are the stuffed men / Leaning together / Headpiece filled with straw. Alas!"?
Which ancient Greek dynasty was founded by Antigonus I Monophthalmus, one of Alexander the Great's generals, and ruled Macedon from 306 to 168 BCE?
What are the regions in space where the gravitational pull is so strong that not even light can escape, and the laws of physics as we know them break down?
Which Roman imperial dynasty, founded by Septimius Severus, ruled from 193 to 235 AD and included emperors such as Caracalla and Elagabalus?
What type of ancient earthwork structures, often found in Ireland and Scotland, are believed to be the dwelling places of supernatural beings?
What massive social and political movement in China, launched by Mao Zedong in 1966, aimed to purge the country of traditional and cultural elements and establish a communist society?
What is the process of acquiring the language and culture of the Netherlands?
Who is the cognitive scientist and psychologist who created the famous auditory illusion where a sequence of tones appears to ascend or descend in pitch indefinitely?
Who wrote the play "Mother Courage and Her Children", a classic of 20th-century epic theatre?
What is the plural form of the Scottish Gaelic word for "poet"?
Who composed the famous Symphonie Espagnole for violin and orchestra?
What is the highest and most exalted seat of divine authority in Islamic theology, above which there is no other power or authority?
Who is the 10th-century German Benedictine canoness and playwright often referred to as the first female playwright of the Western canon?
What Markov chain Monte Carlo method is commonly used for obtaining a sequence of random samples from a probability distribution for which direct sampling is difficult?
What is the title of the 1924 poetry collection by Pablo Neruda that is considered one of the most popular and influential works of 20th-century Latin American literature?
Who wrote the play "Juno and the Paycock", which is set during the Irish Civil War?
What early 20th-century art movement, characterized by dreamlike and fantastical imagery, was led by artists such as Mikhail Vrubel and Viktor Borisov-Musatov?
What influential 18th-century philosophical treatise by Jean-Jacques Rousseau explores the ideal education and upbringing of a young boy?
What mathematical object, used in general relativity, describes the distribution of mass, energy, and momentum in spacetime?
What ancient Ethiopian imperial house, which ruled from 1270 to 1974, claimed descent from the biblical King Solomon and Queen of Sheba?
Who wrote the novels "Mary Barton" and "North and South", and was a prominent figure in the Manchester literary circle of the 19th century?
Who was the Roman statesman and dictator who was called from his plow to assume leadership of the Roman Republic and then voluntarily relinquished power after saving the city from invasion?
What is the title of the famous poem by Robert Frost that begins with the line "Two roads diverged in a yellow wood"?
What is the most popular internet meme-inspired plan to uncover alleged extraterrestrial secrets in a remote US Air Force base in Nevada?
Who are the individuals believed to have received divine revelations and guidance from Allah in the Islamic faith?
What process involves conveying the same message from a source language to a target language while maintaining the original meaning and context?
What type of molecular orbitals are formed by the sideways overlap of p-orbitals in a molecule?
Who is the prophesied redeemer of Islam believed to appear at the end of times to bring justice and peace to the world?
Which medieval European royal house, founded by Pepin the Short, produced notable rulers such as Charlemagne and Louis the Pious?
What is the title of the 1818 painting by Caspar David Friedrich that depicts a solitary figure standing on a rocky outcropping, gazing out at a mist-shrouded landscape?
Which 17th-century French folktale features a wealthy nobleman with a blue beard who marries and murders multiple wives?
What is the holy book of Islam, considered the word of God as revealed to the Prophet Muhammad?
Who were the rulers of the ancient Mesopotamian cities of Ur, Uruk, and Nippur around 4500 years ago?
Which human brain was stolen after its owner's death and preserved for future study, leading to numerous scientific papers and books about its unique structure and potential relation to exceptional intelligence?
What type of oligopoly model assumes that firms compete on price and have a constant marginal cost of production?
What is the title of the six-part symphonic cycle composed by Bedřich Smetana that celebrates the beauty and history of Bohemia?
What is the ultimate goal of the Puerto Rican nationalist movement that has been advocated for by figures such as Pedro Albizu Campos and Oscar López Rivera?
What is the title of the poem that begins with the line "Whose woods these are I think I know" and features a horse's bells and a dark, snowy woods?
Who was the Russian-born wife and muse of Salvador Dalí, as well as the subject of many of his paintings?
What is the title of the famous poem by Mary Oliver that begins with the lines "You do not have to be good. / You do not have to walk on your knees / for a hundred miles through the desert, repenting."?
Who was the monarch of the Korean dynasty that ruled from 1392 to 1910 and was founded by Taejo of Joseon?
Who wrote the poem "Ithaka", which is often read at weddings and graduations for its themes of perseverance and self-discovery?
Which medieval African state was founded in the 14th century and was known for its powerful monarchs and extensive trade networks?
Who is credited with developing the Coulomb's law, which describes the electrostatic force between two charged objects?
What is the title of the iconic bossa nova song written by Antonio Carlos Jobim and Vinicius de Moraes that won a Grammy Award in 1965?
What is the title of the Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Inio Asano that follows the life of a young boy named Punpun?
Who is the only American novelist to have died in combat in the Mexican Revolution?
Who was the 19th-century German composer responsible for creating the epic four-opera cycle "Der Ring des Nibelungen"?
What is the bodily reaction triggered by perceived threats or challenges that prepares the body to either fight or flee?
What analytical technique is commonly used in organic chemistry to determine the structure of molecules by detecting the interaction between atomic nuclei and magnetic fields?
What is the physical characteristic that is shared by the majority of people from sub-Saharan Africa, but is relatively rare among people of European or East Asian descent?
What was the title of the mural that Diego Rivera was commissioned to create for the Rockefeller Center in 1933, but was ultimately destroyed due to its inclusion of Lenin's image?
What process during meiosis increases genetic diversity by exchanging genetic material between homologous chromosomes?
What novel by Virginia Woolf tells the story of a young nobleman who lives for centuries and changes sex from man to woman?
Who was the King of Hungary who rebuilt the country and re-established the royal power after the Mongol invasion of 1241?
What is the title of the novel by Yukio Mishima that tells the story of a young Buddhist acolyte who becomes obsessed with a famous temple in Kyoto?
What is the name of the mystical hotel where demigods go to rest and train after dying in battle?
Which presidential election was decided by a congressional commission after disputed electoral votes in four states?
What equation describes the relationship between the vapor pressure and temperature of a substance in thermodynamic equilibrium?
Which 1882 painting by Édouard Manet features a mysterious and enigmatic barmaid standing behind a marble counter?
Which royal house produced three Polish kings, including Sigismund III and John II Casimir, in the 16th and 17th centuries?
What 1955 hate crime in Mississippi, sparked by a 14-year-old African American boy's alleged flirtation with a white woman, helped galvanize the Civil Rights Movement?
What is the title of the novel by Clarice Lispector that tells the story of a poor and lonely typist named Macabéa?
Who was the first king of the Belgians, reigning from 1831 to 1865, and was a German prince from the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha?
Who was the American businessman and eccentric who wrote a book of bad poetry and staged his own mock funeral to see who would attend?
What philosophical principle asserts that if two objects have all their properties in common, then they are actually the same object?
What is the title of the suite for piano by Maurice Ravel, composed between 1914 and 1917, that is a tribute to the friends he lost during World War I?
What fundamental result in mathematical logic, proved in 1931, demonstrates that any formal system powerful enough to describe basic arithmetic is either incomplete or inconsistent?
Who was the 17th-century Irish poet and playwright satirized by John Dryden in his poem "Mac Flecknoe"?
Who is the American philosopher credited with challenging the traditional definition of knowledge as justified true belief in a 1963 paper titled "Is Justified True Belief Knowledge?
What is the title of the influential non-fiction book written by Octavio Paz that explores the Mexican identity and culture?
What type of organic reactions involve the combination of an acid and an alcohol to form a compound with the release of water?
What is the Latin motto that has been famously used by Stan Lee as a sign-off in his comic book columns and public appearances?
What is the measure of the rate at which the universe is expanding per unit distance?
What type of vegetable is often harvested in the spring and is characterized by its tender shoots and delicate flavor?
What is the general method for solving a polynomial equation of degree three, which involves a complex sequence of additions, subtractions, multiplications, and root extractions?
What suffix is commonly used to form nouns that denote a person associated with a particular activity or ideology, such as "beatnik" or "refusenik"?
Who is the ancient Greek poet from the island of Lesbos known for her lyrical poetry and romantic odes to women?
Who is the giant who tricks Thor and his companions by using illusions and magic during their visit to his castle in Jotunheim?
Who is the ancient Roman poet and philosopher credited with writing the epic poem "De Rerum Natura", which explores the nature of the universe and the human experience?
Who is credited with developing the ontological argument for the existence of God in the 11th century?
What is the common explanation for why rabbits, who primarily eat carrots, have such exceptional visual acuity?
Who was the king of Siam who reunified the country after the fall of Ayutthaya and established Thonburi as the new capital in 1767?
What is the title of the only novel written by Carlos Fuentes to be translated into English during the author's lifetime?
What disastrous Roman military defeat in 9 CE led to the abandonment of Roman plans to conquer Germany?
Who wrote the 17th-century Spanish play "Life is a Dream", which explores the themes of reality, free will, and the human condition?
What two interconnected aspects of a person must be in harmony in order to achieve optimal overall well-being?
What is the title of the famous piano composition by Claude Debussy that consists of 24 pieces, each evoking a different mood or atmosphere?
What is the title of the famous painting by Arnold Böcklin that depicts a dreamlike, eerie landscape with a small island and a few cypress trees?
What 1956 song by Screamin' Jay Hawkins is often associated with Halloween and has been covered by numerous artists, including Nina Simone and Marilyn Manson?
Who was the Peruvian indigenous leader who led a major uprising against the Spanish colonial authorities in 1780?
What 1700 military engagement saw a significantly outnumbered Swedish army led by King Charles XII defeat a large Russian force during the Great Northern War?
What is the collective name for Haydn's 12 symphonies written during his two trips to England in the 1790s?
What ancient maritime technique relied on observing ocean currents, wave patterns, and celestial bodies to traverse thousands of miles of open water without instruments?
What is the title of the 1820 philosophical work by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel that outlines his concept of the state and its relationship to individual freedom?
What is the name of the hypothesis suggesting that the COVID-19 pandemic originated from an accidental release of the virus from a laboratory in Wuhan, China?
Which 16th-century painting by Pieter Bruegel the Elder depicts a farmer plowing a field while a figure falls from the sky in the background?
What was the infamous 1858 event in London caused by the accumulation of untreated human waste in the River Thames that led to the construction of a modern sewer system?
What is the only possible conclusion that can be drawn from the fact that everything that exists must exist, and that everything that exists must exist for a reason?
What philosophical position holds that the meaning of words and concepts is determined by factors outside the mind, such as the external environment and social context?
What was the name of the 1739 British diplomatic crisis sparked by the severing of a British sailor's ear by Spanish coastguards?
What is the title of the 1916 poem by William Butler Yeats that explores the themes of nature, mortality, and the human condition?
What type of musical compositions feature a solo clarinet accompanied by an orchestra, often showcasing the instrument's agility and expressiveness?
What is the mysterious and possibly fictional corporation that is central to the plot of Thomas Pynchon's novel "The Crying of Lot 49"?
What was the mercantile and military organization that conquered the Duchy of Athens and the Duchy of Neopatras in the 14th century?
What is the name of the auditory illusion where a sequence of octaves played in a specific pattern creates the perception of a tone that is constantly ascending or descending, yet never seems to get higher or lower?
What is the title of the novel by Imre Kertész that explores the experiences of a young boy in a concentration camp during World War II?
What is the ultimate fate of a dryad who has lived for centuries and has finally reached the end of their mortal life cycle?
What process occurs when a molecule's non-superimposable mirror image is converted into its opposite enantiomer?
What process, developed independently by two individuals in the late 19th century, is still used today to extract aluminum from aluminum oxide?
Who wrote the novels "Howards End", "A Room with a View", and "Maurice", and was a prominent member of the Bloomsbury Group?
What was the sovereign state that existed from 1795 to 1893 and was ruled by a series of monarchs, including Kamehameha I, Kalākaua, and Liliuokalani?
What is the title of Philip Larkin's 1964 poetry collection that explores themes of love, marriage, and British culture?
Who is the ancient Roman poet credited with writing the famous lines "Odi et amo. Quare id faciam, fortasse requiris. Nescio, sed fieri sentio et excrucior"?
Who was the French writer and poet who was known for walking a lobster on a leash through the streets of Paris?
Who is the fictional narrator of the 1881 novel "The Posthumous Memoirs of Brás Cubas" by Machado de Assis?
What mathematical function denotes the number of prime numbers less than or equal to a given number x?
What type of statements are true by definition and can be known to be true independently of experience or observation?
What was the name of the ship that arrived at Tilbury Docks in Essex, England on June 22, 1948, carrying over 1,000 passengers from the Caribbean, marking a significant moment in British history?
Who is the daughter of Pluto and the protagonist of the Heroes of Olympus series who has the ability to control precious metals and gems?
What type of repetitive sequence is added to the 3' end of most eukaryotic messenger RNA molecules to protect them from degradation and facilitate translation?
Who is the American philosopher and logician known for his work on indeterminacy of translation and the rejection of the analytic-synthetic distinction?
What federal law divided Native American tribal land into individual allotments, leading to the loss of tribal sovereignty and cultural identity?
What 1662 play by Molière is a satire that critiques the social norms and expectations placed on women in 17th-century France?
What is the name of the biblical event where Jesus is said to have performed his first miracle, turning water into wine?
Which British colony in North America was founded in 1732 as a refuge for British debtors?
What is the title of the play written by Wole Soyinka that explores the conflict between traditional culture and modernity in a Nigerian village?
Which ancient Mesoamerican culture built the capital city of Tenochtitlán on an island in Lake Texcoco?
What is the title of the famous poem by Robert Frost that explores the theme of isolation and the human need for connection through the metaphor of a stone wall?
What is the title of the symphonic poem by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky inspired by the poem of the same name by Lord Byron?
What is the interval that spans 12 semitones and has the same letter name as the starting note?
What collection of 385 poems by John Berryman is characterized by its use of fragmented narrative, jazz rhythms, and a protagonist named Henry?
What 1965 song by Bob Dylan features the iconic lyrics "You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows"?
Who is the anonymous 14th-century English writer credited with composing the poems "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight", "Patience", and "Pearl"?
What is the title of the 1975 play by Wole Soyinka that explores the cultural clash between traditional Yoruba values and British colonialism in Nigeria?
Who, in the 19th century, were known for their dueling fraternities and colorful caps?
Who is credited with being the first person to accurately calculate the circumference of the Earth and also served as the chief librarian of the Library of Alexandria?
Who is credited with developing the theory of functions of complex variables and is considered one of the most important mathematicians of the early 19th century?
What 1755 battle during the French and Indian War was fought near present-day Braddock, Pennsylvania, and resulted in a decisive French victory?
What 1940 novel by Adolfo Bioy Casares tells the story of a man who becomes obsessed with a group of people who seem to be reliving the same week over and over again on a remote island?
What type of data structure is a complete binary tree that satisfies the heap property, often used for efficient sorting and priority queuing?
What mathematical model is commonly used to describe the kinetics of crystallization and phase transformation in materials?
Who were the first reported alien abduction victims in the United States, whose alleged encounter in 1961 was widely publicized and remains one of the most well-known UFO stories in history?
Who was the ruler of the largest and most powerful empire in pre-Columbian America, which stretched from modern-day Colombia to Chile?
Who is the Viking leader who founded the Duchy of Normandy in 911 and is also the great-great-great-grandfather of William the Conqueror?
What type of puzzle consists of a set of words arranged in a square grid, where each row, column, and diagonal forms a valid word or phrase?
In which location does a thought experiment subject, who has never experienced colors, finally see colors for the first time?
What conflict in ancient Greece from 240 to 238 BCE involved a large-scale rebellion of foreign soldiers against their Ptolemaic employers?
Who is credited with developing the formula that relates the nth power of a complex number to the nth power of its modulus and argument?
What is the scientific study of whales, dolphins, and porpoises?
Who is the daughter of Aphrodite and Tristan McLean in Rick Riordan's Heroes of Olympus series?
What term is used in plasma physics to describe the condition in which the net charge of a plasma is zero, but the charge density is not uniform throughout the plasma?
Which ancient Arabian kingdom, founded in the 3rd century BCE, was known for its capital city of Petra and its control of the Incense Road trade route?
What epic poem written by Luís de Camões tells the story of Vasco da Gama's voyage to India and the history of Portugal?
What is the most common activity people do in their beds at night?
What is the term used to describe a system of tracing descent and inheritance through the female line, where property and social status are passed down from mother to daughter?
What is the name of the theorem in complex analysis that states that a bounded entire function is constant?
Who wrote the poem "Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone, Prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone" in 1936?
What was the name of the British colony that existed from 1712 to 1776 and was one of the original thirteen colonies that declared independence from Great Britain during the American Revolution?
What is the title of the six-part symphonic cycle composed by Bedřich Smetana that is considered a symbol of Czech national identity?
What process releases energy that is used to fuel muscle contractions during intense exercise?
What ancient Sanskrit epic tells the story of Prince Rama's 14-year exile and his battle against the demon king Ravana?
Which 1793 painting by Jacques-Louis David depicts the bloody assassination of a radical journalist in his bathtub?
What did Virgil write as a didactic poem in four books, exploring themes of agriculture, nature, and the human condition?
Who was the German-American soap maker and activist who popularized the use of castile soap and wrote the book "The Moral ABC of Nutrition"?
What is the standardized form of the Greek language that emerged in the 19th century and is currently spoken by approximately 10 million people in Greece and Cyprus?
What is the title of the 1998 novel by Orhan Pamuk that explores the intersection of art, identity, and mystery in 16th-century Istanbul?
Who is the Kenyan novelist and playwright who wrote "Devil on the Cross" and was imprisoned for a year in 1977 for his political activism?
Who is the wife of Stanley Kowalski in Tennessee Williams' play "A Streetcar Named Desire"?
What body of water connects the Baltic Sea to the North Sea and separates Denmark from Sweden?
What ancient practice sought to transform base metals into gold and discover the elixir of life through the manipulation of qi and the harmony of yin and yang?
What type of chemical reaction involves a single molecule that undergoes a transformation to form one or more products?
What three-day music festival held on a dairy farm in New York in 1969 became a cultural phenomenon and a defining moment of the counterculture movement?
Who is the Hungarian poet and liberal activist who is considered one of the key figures of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848?
What sector is responsible for the cultivation, processing, and distribution of citrus fruits, particularly the popular variety that is often eaten as juice or peel?
What is the title of the 1693 treatise on education written by John Locke that emphasizes the importance of experience and the environment in shaping a child's development?
Who is the wealthy and aristocratic friend of Marcel's family in Marcel Proust's novel "In Search of Lost Time"?
What 12th-century Byzantine princess wrote a historical epic poem about the reign of her father, Alexios I Komnenos?
What was the name of the alleged new form of water that was claimed to have been discovered in the 1960s, but was later discredited as a scientific hoax?
What is the title of the 1840 opera by Gaetano Donizetti that features the famous aria "Ah! mes amis, quel jour de fête!"?
Who were the early Christian ascetics who lived in the Egyptian desert in the 3rd to 5th centuries and sought spiritual purification through solitude, prayer, and manual labor?
What non-violent movement, characterized by mass singing of patriotic songs, played a key role in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania's struggle for independence from Soviet rule in the late 1980s and early 1990s?
Who is credited with leading the effort to rebuild the Jewish community in Jerusalem after the Babylonian exile and establishing the Torah as the central text of Judaism?
Who was the founder of the Mughal Empire in India and wrote the Baburnama, a memoir considered one of the most important works of Persian literature?
What are the ancient Hindu rituals of sacrifice and offerings to the gods, often involving fire and the recitation of Vedic mantras?
Who is the eldest son of Les and Betsy Glass in J.D. Salinger's short story collection "Nine Stories"?
What New York City garment factory was the site of a devastating fire in 1911 that killed 146 workers, leading to major reforms in labor laws and workplace safety?
Who was the first woman to win the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry, which she received in 1923 for her collection "The Ballad of the Harp-Weaver"?
What process is used to determine the intended meaning of a word with multiple related but distinct meanings, such as "bank" as a financial institution versus "bank" as the side of a river?
What is the title of the poem written by Samuel Taylor Coleridge after he woke up from an opium-induced dream in 1797?
What is the title of the 1935 play by Clifford Odets that explores the struggles of a Jewish family living in the Bronx during the Great Depression?
Who was the 18th-century Swedish philosopher, theologian, and mystic who wrote extensively on the nature of God, the afterlife, and the spiritual realm?
What is the title of the novel by Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o that tells the story of a fictional African country's struggles with globalization and corruption?
What method involves systematically watching and recording people's behavior in their natural environments to gain insight into their social interactions and cultural norms?
What is the term used to describe the regular and repetitive arrangements of elements or objects in a design or composition?
What type of words are "spring", "summer", "autumn", and "winter"?
What type of probability distribution is characterized by a constant probability density function over a fixed interval, with all intervals of equal length within the interval being equally probable?
What type of structures are often built in winter festivals in Russia and Scandinavia as a centerpiece for celebrations and festivities?
Which major European river forms the border between Switzerland and Germany before flowing through the Netherlands and emptying into the North Sea?
What is the title of the famous fairy tale about a ruler who is swindled by weavers who promise him a magnificent suit of clothes that is invisible to anyone who is unfit for their position or "hopelessly stupid"?
Who is the sovereign monarch of the Waikato iwi in New Zealand?
Which novel by Stendhal is set against the backdrop of the Napoleonic Wars and follows the life of Fabrice del Dongo?
What is the title of the collection of philosophical essays written by Friedrich Nietzsche and published in 1873-1876?
Who was the first President of Tanzania, serving from 1964 to 1985, and is also known as Mwalimu or "Teacher"?
Who was the Roman politician and tribune of the plebs who was notorious for his scandalous behavior and was eventually murdered on the Appian Way in 52 BCE?
What is the title of the 1897 piano piece by Antonín Dvořák that is characterized by a whimsical and playful melody?
Who was the Swedish statesman and Lord High Chancellor of Sweden from 1612 to 1654, serving under King Gustavus Adolphus and Queen Christina?
What 800-mile-long crude oil transportation system connects the Prudhoe Bay Oil Field to the Valdez Marine Terminal in southern Alaska?
What type of imperfections in a crystal lattice can significantly affect the material's optical, electrical, and mechanical properties?
What is the title of the influential essay by Ralph Waldo Emerson that argues for individualism and nonconformity?
Who were the parents and siblings of the reclusive American poet Emily Dickinson?
What is the title of the 1966 surf film directed by Bruce Brown that follows two friends on a surfing trip around the world?
What did pioneers and settlers do to enter the Northwest Territory from the east during the late 18th and early 19th centuries?
Which early 20th-century art movement, characterized by its emphasis on dynamism, speed, and the machine age, was led by artists such as Natalia Goncharova and Mikhail Larionov?
Who was the last governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony to serve under the original charter?
Which two famous poets were married to each other from 1956 to 1962 and both died by suicide, albeit years apart?
What is the title of the novel by Herman Melville that tells the story of a young sailor falsely accused of mutiny on a British warship during the Napoleonic Wars?
What was the primary goal of the 1290 Edict of Expulsion issued by King Edward I of England?
What term, coined by ancient Greek philosopher Epicurus, refers to the unpredictable swerve of atoms that allows for free will and breaks the chain of determinism?
What evolutionary concept suggests that species must constantly adapt and evolve to survive in a changing environment, as if they are running on a treadmill to stay in the same place?
What is the title of the poem that begins with the line "One night I dreamed I was walking along the beach with the Lord"?
Which symphony by Dmitri Shostakovich was written in 1941 and premiered during the Siege of Leningrad?
What is the name of the emotional and introspective document written by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1802, in which he poured out his feelings of despair and suicidal thoughts?
Who is considered the founder of Japanese bunraku puppet theater and wrote over 100 plays for the genre?
What is the title of the first book in Rick Riordan's Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard series?
What process occurred in Spain from 1975 to 1982, following the death of Francisco Franco, that led to the country's shift from authoritarian rule to a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy?
Who is the shy and crippled daughter of Amanda Wingfield in Tennessee Williams' play "The Glass Menagerie"?
What was the bizarre and mysterious phenomenon that swept through medieval Europe, characterized by large groups of people dancing uncontrollably in the streets for days or even weeks on end?
Which Muppet characters have been portrayed as a romantic couple in various forms of media, including films, television shows, and merchandise?
What sacred relic is housed in a temple in Kandy, Sri Lanka, and is said to have been brought to the island in the 4th century?
Who was the 17th-century Mexican poet, philosopher, and composer of the Baroque period who wrote "Primero Sueño" and was known as the "Tenth Muse"?
Who are the owners of the largest wine and spirits company in the world, Diageo?
What scientific principle states that every point mass attracts every other point mass by a force acting along the line intersecting both points?
What popular theme park attraction features a ghost host, a stretching room, and a ride through a spooky estate filled with 999 happy haunts?
What type of celestial mechanics problem is notoriously difficult to solve because of the complex interactions between three gravitationally bound objects?
What is the phrase that is often cited as the most difficult word to find a perfect rhyme for in the English language?
Who is the wife of the President of France and a former model who has been a prominent figure in French politics since 2007?
What period of Chinese history from 1937 to 1945 was marked by widespread atrocities, forced labor, and cultural suppression?
Who is credited with formulating the law of conservation of energy, which relates the mechanical equivalent of heat to the amount of work done on a system?
What phenomenon occurs when a country's abundance of valuable natural resources, such as oil or diamonds, ultimately hinders its economic growth and development?
What type of Spanish sailing ships traveled across the Pacific Ocean from the 16th to the 19th centuries, connecting Mexico with the Philippines?
Which monarchs have borne the name Harald, Olaf, Magnus, and Haakon throughout history?
What is the principle in spectroscopy that relates the absorption of light to the properties of the material it passes through?
What 1963 book by Hannah Arendt explores the trial of Adolf Eichmann and introduces the concept of the "banality of evil"?
What is the title of the 1966 novel by Tayeb Salih that tells the story of a young man's return to his village in Sudan after spending years in Europe?
Which play by Tennessee Williams features a character named Amanda Wingfield and her son Tom, who narrates the story and struggles with his own desires and responsibilities?
What is the rallying cry of the nationalist movement that emphasizes the prioritization of American interests and sovereignty above all else?
What ongoing conflict, sparked by the 2015 intervention of a Saudi-led coalition, has resulted in widespread humanitarian crisis and devastation in the Middle East's poorest country?
Who is the ancient Roman playwright credited with writing the comedies "The Pot of Gold" and "The Two Menaechmuses"?
What novel by Jennifer Egan won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2011?
What monument in Bristol Harbour was toppled into the water during a Black Lives Matter protest in June 2020?
What is the title of the nonsense poem by Lewis Carroll that begins with the line "Twas brillig and the slithy toves"?
What is the title of the 1919 novella by Franz Kafka that features a mysterious and gruesome punishment device?
What is the term used to describe a neuron that can receive signals from four different synapses?
What characteristic of Homo sapiens is approximately three times larger than that of chimpanzees, despite sharing a similar body size?
What term is used to describe exceptional natural ability or talent in areas such as reasoning, problem-solving, and thinking abstractly?
What landmark legislation was signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1944 to provide education, home loan, and other benefits to returning World War II veterans?
Who wrote the novel "The Assault", which won the P.C. Hooft Award in 1987?
Who were the people responsible for introducing irrigation systems and citrus fruits to the Iberian Peninsula during the Middle Ages?
What is the title of the Edgar Allan Poe poem that explores the different sounds that bells make and the emotions they evoke?
What feature of the Martian surface was mistakenly identified as evidence of intelligent life by Percival Lowell in the early 20th century?
What is the title of the famous jazz album by Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers that features a 10-minute improvisational track?
What is the title of the 1969 novel by Alistair MacLean that tells the story of a mysterious and deadly assassin?
Who has been the President of Venezuela since 2013, following the death of Hugo Chávez?
What is the title of the 1935 play by Clifford Odets that explores the struggles of taxi drivers and labor unions during the Great Depression?
What type of cards, developed in the 1930s, feature five distinct symbols and are used to test extrasensory perception?
What is the name of the nonlinear partial differential equation that describes the motion of solitons in shallow water?
What fundamental principle in physics describes how a changing magnetic flux through a loop of wire induces an electromotive force in the loop?
Who wrote the novel "I Am a Cat", a satirical exploration of Japanese society during the Meiji period?
What is the act of intentionally damaging or demolishing a creative work, such as a painting or sculpture, often in a public setting, to provoke emotional response or spark controversy?
What is the title of the novel by Elliot Perlman that explores the complexities of human relationships through a series of interconnected narratives?
Who is the former Brazilian Army captain who served as the 38th President of Brazil from 2019 to 2023?
What is the title of the Old English poem that tells the story of the Crucifixion from the perspective of the Cross itself?
What are the canopies traditionally used in Jewish wedding ceremonies to symbolize the home and family that the couple is building together?
Who is the protagonist of Salman Rushdie's novel "Midnight's Children"?
What 1714 satirical essay by Bernard Mandeville argued that private vices can lead to public benefits?
What is the title of the 17th-century play by Pedro Calderón de la Barca that explores the themes of reality, free will, and the human condition?
Which family founded the spice company that is known for its vanilla extract and other seasonings?
What is the title of the 1514 engraving by Albrecht Dürer that features a winged figure surrounded by symbols of geometry, architecture, and alchemy?
Who was the renowned Italian painter and architect of the High Renaissance who was born in Urbino in 1483 and died in Rome in 1520?
Who is credited with developing the theory of quaternions, a mathematical concept that extends the complex numbers to four dimensions?
What is the title of the debut novel by Colson Whitehead that explores the world of elevator inspectors in a fictional city?
Which fictional family, created by William Faulkner, is the central focus of his novel "The Sound and the Fury"?
Who is the philosopher known as the "Second Teacher" after Aristotle, who wrote extensively on logic, metaphysics, and politics in the 9th and 10th centuries?
What 1979 literary criticism book by Sandra Gilbert and Susan Gubar explores the representation of women in 19th-century literature?
Who is credited with developing the polyphonic organum style of music in the late 12th century at the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris?
Which country's naval force is the largest in both South America and the Latin American region?
Who was the legendary warrior-queen of Connacht in Irish mythology who led the Táin Bó Cuailnge, a great cattle raid against Ulster?
What structures, composed of lipids and proteins, surround and protect the genetic material of some viruses, facilitating their entry into host cells?
What phenomenon occurs when a fluid's pressure and temperature exceed its critical point, allowing it to exhibit properties of both liquids and gases simultaneously?
Which Roman imperial dynasty, founded by Septimius Severus, ruled from 193 to 235 AD and included emperors such as Caracalla and Alexander Severus?
What is the title of the 1998 novel by Orhan Pamuk that explores the intersection of art, identity, and mystery in 16th-century Istanbul?
What type of exotic state of matter is characterized by a group of atoms or subatomic particles occupying the same quantum state at extremely low temperatures?
What is the title of the play by August Wilson that explores the lives of African Americans in the 1910s and is the second installment in his Pittsburgh Cycle?
What ancient Middle Eastern religion, founded by John the Baptist's disciple Manda d-Hayye, emphasizes baptism, asceticism, and a dualistic worldview?
What type of molecular motion allows a molecule to change its shape without breaking or forming any chemical bonds?
Who was the princess chained to a rock as a sacrifice to the sea monster Cetus in Greek mythology?
Which ethnic group in the United States has the highest percentage of individuals who identify as Orthodox Christians?
What was the rebellion against British colonial rule in Kenya that took place from 1952 to 1960 and was led by the Kikuyu people?
Which ancient Greek philosophical and mathematical group is credited with discovering the famous theorem that describes the relationship between the lengths of the sides of a right-angled triangle?
Who founded the company that produced the first Dodge Brothers Touring Car in 1915?
What is the Sanskrit term used in Mahayana Buddhism to describe the ultimate reality that is devoid of inherent existence and independent reality?
What property of a dynamical system allows it to be solved exactly using a set of independent conserved quantities, enabling a full understanding of its behavior?
What is the title of the 1807 philosophical magnum opus in which Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel systematically explores the development of consciousness and the absolute spirit?
What was a humiliating and painful form of public punishment and ridicule commonly inflicted on individuals in 18th and 19th century America for their perceived wrongdoing or unpopular opinions?
Who wrote the six-volume autobiographical novel series "My Struggle" that explores themes of identity, family, and existential crisis?
Which two countries never formally ended their state of war after World War II, with a peace treaty only being signed in 2023?
Who is the Polish composer of the iconic Symphony No. 3, also known as the "Symphony of Sorrowful Songs"?
Which cultural tradition features a pantheon of over 400 orishas, including Eshu, Ogun, and Oshun, who are believed to intervene in human affairs?
Who is the satyr and protector of Percy Jackson in Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series?
What fundamental result in physics establishes a deep connection between symmetries of a physical system and the conservation of certain quantities?
Who wrote the novel "Lady Chatterley's Lover", which was banned in the UK for its explicit content until 1960?
What religious tradition, practiced primarily by the Yazidi people, combines elements of Zoroastrianism, Islam, and ancient Mesopotamian religions?
What concept in ecology explains the relationship between the number of species found on an island and the island's size and distance from the mainland?
Who wrote the Pulitzer Prize-winning short story "The Devil and Daniel Webster"?
What, according to Audre Lorde, will never dismantle the master's house?
Which six women were married to the same English monarch in the 16th century, with each marriage ending in either execution, divorce, or death?
What series of psychological studies demonstrated that ordinary people can be induced to administer increasingly severe electric shocks to another person simply because an authority figure tells them to?
What was the devastating 2017 London high-rise apartment building fire that killed 72 people and led to widespread outrage and calls for improved building safety regulations?
Who wrote the novel "Season of Migration to the North", a classic of Sudanese literature?
Which medieval Russian royal house produced rulers such as Vladimir the Great, Yaroslav the Wise, and Ivan I, and ruled from the 9th to the 16th century?
Who was the third member of the Second Triumvirate, along with Octavian and Mark Antony, in ancient Rome?
What medieval military tactic involved building fortifications and deploying artillery to surround and capture an enemy stronghold?
Which 18th-century novel by Laurence Sterne is known for its experimental narrative structure, digressions, and humorous portrayal of the life of a fictional gentleman?
What is the title of the 2013 novel by NoViolet Bulawayo that explores the experiences of a young Zimbabwean immigrant in the United States?
Who is the fictional conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic and the protagonist of the 2022 film Tár?
What novel by Honoré de Balzac is set in a Parisian boarding house and explores the lives of its inhabitants, particularly a kind-hearted but impoverished father?
Which 17th-century painting by Diego Velázquez is also known as "The Toilet of Venus" and depicts the goddess Venus gazing at her reflection in a mirror held by Cupid?
What is the title of the collection of 55 sonnets written by Rainer Maria Rilke in 1922, inspired by the myth of Orpheus and Eurydice?
What is the title of the 1979 novel by V.S. Naipaul that explores the complexities of post-colonial Africa through the story of an Indian shopkeeper in a small town on the Congo River?
What was the name of the secret society founded by Giuseppe Mazzini in 1831 to promote Italian unification?
Who is the demigod daughter of Zeus and a mortal actress, and also the protector of the Hunters of Artemis?
Who were the American composers and lyricists behind the iconic musicals "Lady, Be Good!" and "Oh, Kay!"?
What 1873 poetry collection by Arthur Rimbaud is considered a seminal work of French Symbolism and a precursor to Surrealism?
What ancient Greek legend tells the story of a man condemned to roll a massive boulder up a hill for eternity, only to have it roll back down each time, requiring him to start again?
What type of compounds are formed when a halogen atom is bonded to an organic molecule?
What type of conflict involves warships engaging in combat on the open water?
What property of a system ensures that its output remains the same when the input signal is delayed by a certain amount of time?
Who is the demigod son of Mars and a mortal woman, and a member of the Seven Heroes of Olympus?
What mythological creatures, often depicted as having the body of a lion and the wings of an eagle, were used as protective deities in ancient Mesopotamia?
What is the first chapter of the Quran, which is recited in every unit of prayer and is considered the greatest chapter of the Quran?
Which 1903-1904 painting by Pablo Picasso is a prominent example of his Blue Period, depicting an elderly musician playing a guitar in a somber and melancholic atmosphere?
What type of organic reaction involves the cycloaddition of a conjugated diene with a dienophile to form a cyclic compound?
What ancient Ethiopian imperial house claimed descent from the biblical King Solomon and ruled the country from the 13th to the 20th century?
Who was the Russian composer and pianist who founded the group of composers known as "The Five" or "The Mighty Handful"?
